
With her sultry smile and seductive blue eyes, Cara Mell is a natural for photographers. She is also the definition of "beautiful erotica". This blonde supermodel exudes that girl-next-door look, but has a wild side that you will only see when you cum inside...Every part of her is oh-so-inviting. Her ass -- well, words fail me. Cara Mia!! XOXO, love, Colette

Welcome to the jungle...it gets hotter here every day! Especially when you have gorgeous, petite stunning Jill (who loves sex and loves to please). This video kind of makes me laugh (before I get turned on). I imagine it's because this is what I see: Little, cute Jill cruising the jungle in my hooded bathrobe. Kind of aimlessly looking for something and carrying a picnic basket like in little Red Riding Hood. Then all of a sudden she sees James, the wolf, and as soon as their eyes lock she is in heat. Like a super power penis seeking missile. She could climb trees or do all kinds of Hunger Games shit to get his giant throbbing cock into her tight and soaking wet pussy. Now this next part might be because my dogs are in heat and I keep having to watch them humping for hours on end, but I see James and Jill going at it with such passion you'd have to turn the hose on them to get his huge dick from the death grip Jills pussy has on it. Finally they both orgasm! Finally! And the fairytale is all over her face. They lay on the soft bed of greens and snuggle through the night. Remember there are animals in the jungle, all kinds. xxoo love, Colette

4K HD video download or stream and it NEVER expires and you get 1000's others too for one price, we are generous and want you to get as much of our content as you can so you can enjoy it without stealing! Now sit back relax and enjoy Born to be wild. No question about that. Kenna and James are wild and then some together. They are on each other and panting just like hungry animals. They can't get enough of each other. These two have a special bond for sure. You can try to count how many orgasms Kenna has by how many times her eyeballs roll back in her head. But only I know the actual answer. Closest guess wins a prize! Seriously I can't get enough of them together, it is just SO intense! Born to be wild, that doesn't describe the half of Kenna or James...xxoo Colette

Have you ever imagined two of your best girlfriends floating in the pool on a sunny day? They have a few drinks and one thing leads to the other. The crazy thing is that both of these girls are stunning fashion models and their bodies are so perfect that they just can't stand not acting on their bi-curious instincts. Flirtatious play quickly leads to passionate kisses and then they remember you. Lounging in the cabana, ready and waiting to have some fun with them. The mood quickly turns from light to hot and heavy, sucking, fucking and multiple orgasms from every possible position. If you have a fetish, forget it. This video will handle it. Worth the price of membership for this one alone. Three is NOT a crowd. A fantasy come true in front of the tropical paradise. Stream or download as soon as you can and you'll be whisked away to dreamland. But this really happened! xx Colette

Our new Russian sensation 'Elena' loves art, fashion and sex. Not necessarily in that order.She has Gorgeous baby blue eyes, unbelievable full, kissable lips (yum) and super long model legs, on a slender, best described as feline body. Her come hither look will mesmerize anyone in an instant. This high end fashion princess is a vegan, with a fun and goofy personality and she REALLY likes that YOU have as good a time or better than she does. She is not happy unless you are turned on and feeling good. For instance she thought the solo needed a little more so she took out her jeweled anal toy and showed everyone how to have double orgasms. I can't say enough nice things about this stunner, who is a sweet friend, loves people, sex and lives to laugh. But I can promise you this video will only make you laugh if you do that while cumming in your pants! XOXO, Love, Colette (& Elena) 

Susie was booked for a solo fashion  shoot. As we all know Susie has been one of the most sought after Erotic models in the world! So recently when her naturally horny nature took over the "fashion shoot" turned naughty! She saw a man walk by and instantly decided she wanted to incorporate him in.With her perfect body and sweet face the man certainly wasn't going to say no. So then the Kissing, And Fucking in a variety of positions turned our fashion masterpiece into an erotic explosion! Oh and Susie loves 69, it's her favorite position if you were wondering.So let gorgeous Susie seduce you. She will even if you don't want her to. And don't forget to check out her entire portfolio in the model section. Susie's "body of work" is smoking hot. Love, Colette (and Susie)

Since she's wearing no panties, Nancy is turned on and feels like some selfies. She wants to send them to her bf Karl and show him JUST what he's missing. This stunning European fashion model becomes even more excited as she imagines the look on her boyfriend's face when he opens his messages. Nancy's sparkling blue eyes reveal a spicy, kinky side that her face of an angel doesn't let us see clearly. Intimate, hot and beautiful. This girl with the killer body and fashion model face gets off when you watch. Seriously. Would you love to have those long legs wrapped around you? Maybe you can. Close your eyes. And then open them! Because she sent the photos to everyone in her address book, not just Karl. This really happened, but if you live in America, you probably didn't get the message. But watch the video and you will! Nancy is worthy to download to your permanent collection of high-quality erotica! Kisses from Europe XOXO love, Colette

Is there anything sexier that a beautiful model in (and out) of her tight jeans with gorgeous, perky tits that are bursting out of her halter top? Add Misty with her petite body and delicate, so lovely facial features and you have it all. Wouldn't you love to do her? She is so adorable that she even laughs and flashes her dimples as she contemplates what is cumming. Misty is a redhead these days and I swear that this sultry shoot for you is one of her best. This girl has such a perfect ass, and watching her cum as a hard cock spreads her checks and pushes deep into her tiny pussy is thrilling. Not that Misty need take a back seat to anyone in her enjoyment of sucking a dick until a guy cannot stand it anymore. I love the hot, seductive way in which this sex scene was produced. It is special. And want to know something else? Misty had so many orgasms that she took this lucky guy home with her and fucked his brains out until morning. The perfect girl. XOXO, Colette

Such a pretty little kitty! Meow! Jenna is a flexible ballerina and active member of the X-Art community! She is dominant with women and submissive with men. Here she will be whatever you want her to be. Imagine her all to yourself or in a group. This little fit beauty can do the splits (on your face). Don't overlook Jenna. An amazing girl and person with a killer body and insatiable sexual appetite. Trust me, I know. Don't ask...but do check out the video and see how horny our little Nymph makes you! xoxo Love, Colette

Carrie and her man love to work out. It gets all the endorphins going and makes their bodies taught and tight for each other. This is actually a very romantic video. But regardless I would highly advise some Anal sex for a tight pert ass. It's actually a secret with LA trainers. So fall  in love or lust and either skip or watch this HOT sex scene. You won't be sorry! Definitely another favorite about to be nigh! xoxo Jump! xoxo Colette

Elegant Sybil is as passionate as she is beautiful. This brunette with an adorable smile and well-toned body happily admits that she loves you to watch as she tenderly makes love to another girl. And not just any girl!  Fan favorite Summer -- who aroused men and women alike in her earlier shoots with X-Art and Colette.com! Summer loves to play with girls as beautiful as she is. This blonde stunner knows no limits in her pursuit of the perfect orgasm, and Sybil feels the same way. What these girls can do with a caress, a touch, and (of course) their tongues and fingers.... To be honest, I got hot and bothered on the set just watching the two them intertwine (don't tell Brig). It proves again how wonderful lesbian sex can be. Can I say that? I guess I just did! XOXO, Colette

Teenage beauty Alecia caused quite a stir (in all the right places) when she made her debut with X-Art this spring. This blonde, blue-eyed beauty is back, and she is no mood for reading as she crawls into bed. Seductive beyond belief in her black negligee, Alecia laughs with delight as she inspects her guy's large erect cock under the sheets. She knows just how to drive a man crazy as she licks and sucks his manhood while maintaining eye contact. When he is about to burst, she mounts him cowgirl style and fills her tight pussy as he fondles her lovely tits. Then Alecia gets naked and moans in orgasmic delight as he fucks her from behind. As they turn the heat up and continue changing positions, she realizes that she is having one orgasm after another. And because this honey is so limber and gymnastic, Alecia wants to try everything. No wonder she cannot resist showing that little smile on her face. Watching Alecia fuck with such grace is poetry in motion. XOXO, Colette

When the stunning and extra fit Carrie was introduced to Alecia, she came bearing gifts. Those gifts include Carrie's irresistible beauty, her desire to have a good time, and this gorgeous girl's insatiable desire for sex with other beautiful models. Alecia's tight little body turned out to be the perfect match. One look at Carrie and the special pink toy that Alecia unwrapped and... instant connection! These hot models soon were eagerly naked and taking turns tasting their dripping wet pussies. They showed us "the art of finger fucking" that led each of them to multiple orgasms on a perfect summer evening. Sapphic summer loving with Carrie and Alecia is so hot, so beautiful. XOXO, Colette

Alecia is a Russian-born model who now is discovering how wonderful sexual freedom can be in America! A blonde, blue-eyed teenager with a face and figure that photographers adore, Alecia appears so happy and innocent with those girl-next-door looks. Well, she is happy. As for innocent... Alecia is determined to show you that she left any sexual inhabitations behind. "I had a blast shooting for X-Art," she told me. "I fantasized that I was teasing and seducing each one of your subscribers personally. As I slowly got naked and started to spread my pussy, I thought of using the kitchen oranges in the shoot because they are wet and juicy. So was I!" With her soft lips, beautiful face and tight teenage ass, Alecia loves to build to orgasms and imagine that you are cumming as well. The crew couldn't get enough. Want more of her? XOXO, Colette

With her ivory skin and jet black hair, Dina makes heads turn wherever she goes. Yet sometimes a girl just wants to be alone and play with her favorite toy in bed. But what to do when you are having an orgasm with your spectacular ass in the air when you boyfriend unexpectedly walks in? A clit stimulator or a big cock in your pussy? Is that really a question? Not if you are lovely Dina. This petite Czech model is as smart as she is beautiful, and she adores both receiving and giving oral sex. Forget the toy and bring on the guy! This petite and gymnastic babe will make you shiver with delight. And her tantalizing smile will tell you how much she enjoys this romp. XOXO, Colette

Some of the most smoldering, sexual shoots for X-Art feature gorgeous European blondes. This time one of the stunning blondes is a brunette! And she has returned to get you HOT all over again! Fashion models get told what to do and wear. At X-Art they can change their minds and hair color whenever they want. Be it hair color or her desire to be with a man or a girl; right now, Kim knows what she wants. And her combination of charm, humor and an uninhibited search for great sex makes this girl the total package. Yes, she is beautiful and alluring. Personally, I think it is Kim's training as a ballet dancer that makes her even more irresistibly special in bed. And trust me: Kim's orgasms are the real deal! I know. XOXO, Colette

Kenna and Jenna had been asking me to put them in a video together for a long time. Let's just say they had some serious girl crushes on each other! But they have one more thing in common... James Deen! Literally. Sexual heaven. And let me just say I don't know how he does it, but he makes every girl multi-orgasmic! Uninhibited sex play is SO great! Lucky for me (and Kenna), Jenna was willing to let the budding romance of James and Kenna keep getting more and more orgasmic!  "By the time Jenna jumped in, I already was on my fifth orgasm, seriously," Kenna told me later. "And then it got even better! With Jenna's hot body and voice taking me higher and higher until my eyes rolled back in my head,  it was like swan-diving from a cliff!" And now James got to switch back and forth between these unforgettable girls as they continued to ravage each other and him as well. Trust me: Kenna, Jenna and James are having a sexual cumfest that you will never forget! I loved watching. And the out-takes you can only imagine are So So hot! Don't you want more? I do! And it's coming..XOXO, Colette P.S. Do not miss this one. Membership gets you 1000's of 4K downloadable videos that are unlimited and never expire, but this one is worth the price alone. So if you're not a member yet, come on in! Love again, Colette 

If you look up the definition of a Unicorn on Wikipedia or the Bible you will have many different answers. For instance the crown prince of Denmark sits on a throne made of said "Unicorn Tusks". Throughout history the Unicorn has meant many things to many people. When you look at a young female human "unicorn" now, some may define her like this: "Colloquial; Synonym for hot bi babe or HBB, A bisexual person, usually though not always female, who is willing to join an existing couple, often with the presumption that this person will date and become sexually involved with both members of that couple, and not demand anything or do anything which might cause problems or inconvenience to that couple. How many of you couples or men out there  would like Gina to be your "Unicorn". I know I would. You learn something new everyday. Keep on keeping on. And get ready for a rainbow carpet ride next. Worth the price of admission just for this one. Lots of love and Unicorns, XOXO, Colette

What is it about models from the Ukraine? Aislin cums to us with a Super Model, lovely face; gorgeous tits; flat abs; killer legs; a perfect ass; and a beautiful, flower-like pussy. In short, this girl is the complete package; she is a "ten." When Aislin decides to get naked and fuck herself, the results are mesmerizing. You are going to love this hot, hot girl. We all fell in love with her on the set. Soft-spoken, seemingly oblivious to how gorgeous she is, and a smart, warm and clever girl. But don't let this blondes' hazel, innocent-looking eyes and soft smile fool you. Sensual Aislin craves orgasms and she loves to fuck when it is the right person. Since she is a fashion model, Aislin is... well, you know the rest!  XOXO, Colette"Whispering erotically in my ear, Caressing my breasts -- and yanking my hair. You tempted me..." -- poet Erotic Aislin

Russian model Alecia loves to tease a guy. Bedrooms are optional. Give this slender, head-turning blonde a kitchen table and an apple... and she will remind you why Adam couldn't resist temptation by Eve. Imagine our surprise when Alecia girlishly raised her skirt, spread her lovely legs --  and revealed that she wasn't wearing panties. Instead, she slowly began playing with her wet pussy as her blue eyes sparkled at the guy across the room. Soon, he was licking Alecia's "forbidden fruit" and she was sucking something much larger than a banana! (Sorry, I couldn't resist saying that. Hee hee.) When the action did move to the bed, now totally naked Alecia unveiled both her knockout beauty and her intense, uninhibited teenage passion. Sort of like being fucked by an angel. And when Alecia is riding the right cock, she is in orgasmic heaven. "She's just a girl, and she's on fire. Hotter than a fantasy..." - Alicia Keys.  XOXO, Colette

Sybil knows, sometimes simplicity is sexy. She lures you back to her flat in broad daylight, to fulfill a fantasy. As her clothes slip off she leans back on the bed, spread.Her pink flesh, pouting lips, wetness lingers. She slips a little finger inside, and now her pussy controls your mind.Just imagine her strong legs wrapped around. She pulls you closer; you penetrate without a sound. In silent rhapsody, bliss abounds.Sybil shares with you something known to very few. Your knees go weak. Your defenses fall down. The two of you cum at once. A moment of elation.In the words of Oscar Wilde, she whispers softly your ear, “I can resist anything... except temptation."

Due to member demand, we have brought this video over from colette.com to x-art:-) Jill is so hot and we can't get enough of these two together so why not? ;-))There is something about Jill that shouts, "What a body!" True, she is a physical fitness fanatic who is superbly toned. This Texas girl is beautiful from head to toe, and her magnetic eyes and inviting smile are unforgettable. Jill is flirtatious, playful, totally relaxed, and ready for Jean's big  cock. I do mean ready! Lovely Jill prides herself on her oral skills and when she decides to deep throat, she can drive any man into ecstasy. Petite Jill also loves to ride a dick with a sexual intensity that is hot and so real. Want to know a secret? Jill's biggest orgasm cums when she uses her gymnastic  balance to fuck Jean in a way that you don't see everyday. What lovin' trick does she use? Check out this shoot to find out. XOXO, Colette

Who wouldn't love to have Kenna James for dinner (and dessert). As beautiful, real and fun as she is sweet: Kenna is the whole package and then some. When she brushes your arm, goosebumps appear. She has the majestic beauty of a Unicorn and is also the down home girl that can line dance and watch sports. You will see more of Kenna in sex scenes and LIVE sex only on X-Art.com soon. But for now, enjoy this beautiful dinner party for you and Kenna alone. She has this magic touch where she will be present for each and every one of you. If you enjoy the photos and video please like and comment below. We love all of our members. Kisses forever, Colette & Kenna P.S. It wasn't easy getting Kenna out of her cowboy boots;-))

Along cums Mary in black lingerie with a fucking gorgeous body and that soulful look. Really, how could anyone resist this Russian temptation? Mary loves both girls and boys. When one or the other is not around, she always has a bedtime toy handy. Mary likes it deep, she likes it in every position, and she gets off as she stretches her tight pussy for her pleasure and yours. See for yourself. Watching Mary have multiple orgasms is a beautiful thing. "... desire is the fire in the eyes of chicks." - The Association

 It is good to mix it up and try new things. This is true. Whether we are talking about great sex or creating beautiful, romantic erotica. So when Blonde Ukrainian beauty Aislin asked to shoot for us, the only question was how to allow her to have the most fun on the set. Brig suggested the "lady in red" theme; Aislin admitted to a Girl Crush on Czech model Dina. Just like you, Aislin had got off on raven-haired Dina's earlier shoots for X-Art.  Even though these two stunning European models had never met...when they did, the sexual anticipation and chemistry was flying. A delighted Aislin and Dina began touching each other with tenderness and then pure unadulterated exploratory lust of youth and beauty took over. Hey guys: take notes: These ultra-desirable girls are bisexual and they know exactly what a woman wants. Watch how they focus intensely on each other and combine teasing playfulness with orgasmic oral sex and fabulous fucking as they make each other cum in various ways. . Aislin and Dina take their time. They would be thrilled if the shoot had gone on for days. So would our crew! This is not a performance; it's the real, jaw-dropping deal.  More to cum? XOXO, Colette

Two of the many things we love about Kenna are her sense of adventure and her desire to have fun. Our adorable girlfriend loves new adventures and is eager to reveal her intense and beautiful sexual appetite with only a lucky selection of men and women. (And she is Exclusively for us now!) She knows just how to touch a man or a woman with her soft and sensual hands. She brings a smile to everyone's face and makes you blush with Desire at her beauty and cute supermodel/girl next door looks. (If there is such a thing, this describes Kenna). She is polite, cultured, enchanting and a country girl: all at once. The kind of girl you dreamed about as a kid and still do. When she chose the sweet and gorgeous green eyed Alex, we thought lucky man, but will this be a fit? (Literally) Thankfully Kenna and Alex set the mood for some really REAL hot passion and that true friends with benefits relationship. That left the crew panting for more and a twinkle in their stunning eyes. This is the real deal! Get ready for more Kenna and James too (Kenna and I are concocting some scenes you won't forget!) And X-Art crew (and moi) will be traveling the country while we record her dancing journey. I guess..more to Cum? xoxo ~ Colette

Sublimely beautiful Mary Kalisy makes her debut with X-Art in the best way possible. A petite girl with gorgeous brown eyes and a deliciously well-toned body, Mary Kalisy is one of the most sought after fashion models in eastern Europe and beyond. Her unforgettable face almost makes you overlook her naughty sense of humor and inviting personality. Now, Mary is tipping her toes into beautiful erotica just for you. "I love sex, but no one ever has photographed me while I was seducing and fucking a guy," she says with a laugh. "This is all new, but the shoot turned into a totally orgasmic experience. Just knowing that your subscribers will be watching me is sexy, exciting and a total turn on.  I really, really enjoyed myself, and I think he did too." Yes, we all did! Cum back for an encore please. XOXO, Colette 

Jillian Janson always electrifies our subscribers, and thousands of you tell us they have saved her two "Pussy Cat Burglar" shoots for their permanent collections. And why not? "I don't like to repeat a shoot, and Brig and Colette give me the freedom to experiment with my sexual boundaries," blonde goddess Jillian tells us. "With you guys, I feel like I can do anything that is real, erotic and fucking fantastic. You might call this Orgasm Heaven for a girl like me." With pal and photographer Vegas, she agrees to pose for some classic model poses at the seaside, but it isn't long before she sheds her tempting beach clothes. "To be honest, guys always tell me that I am a great cock sucker," Jillian tells us with a twinkle in her eyes. "But, OMG, does Vegas know how to lick pussy. I would have been happy if this shoot had lasted forever." We love Jillian.  Easy to see why, isn't it?  XOXO, Colette

She may try to disguise herself in a festive Mardi Gras mask for awhile, but there is no way of forgetting this Russian model's petite, tight and perfect body. Just watch (spellbound) her ballet moves when she is naked. Gina looks totally adorable and innocent, but she exudes sex. She has oral skills that make men quiver and doesn't mind when the favor is returned. When Gina is with a guy or girl (and this cutie could have anyone she wants: even me) she makes her mate feel like they are in their own little dream world, bodies and souls intertwined. Gina always prefers to start slowly and then build to multiple, hard orgasms. That girlish smile tells you how much fun she is having! No kidding this Euro girl loves to tease. "Cum inside Gina" and save this to your permanent collection, you'll want to. Worth the price of the whole site for just this one! XOXO, Colette

Two sexy girls of the night get a small hotel room and after a few drinks make a plan and call a male escort to come over for some fun...Cayla and Vinna are sexually uninhibited and looking for a good time. This fun-loving pair cannot resist reeling in Ricky, teasing him and lucky for him taking him off to bed. Not that he objected...They love to share and control their man as well as their orgasms; which are even stronger when they can watch each other with a guy. They also like playing with each other's pussies and calling each other dirty little slut and then laughing until they cum. This irresistible duo does not miss the chance to do each other or anyone else as they are little nymphs and will give you a night to remember. XOXO, Colette (remind you of anyone you know?) ❤️"Slow down, you're doing fine...when will you realize Vienna waits for you.." ~ #BillyJoel

Isn't it some men's dreams to have sex with a stunning model like Kenna? Now imagine she has only been with women? What if you were the lucky guy to show her just how good sex with the opposite sex can be? Imagine her tight, throbbing pussy wet with excitement for this new experience when she is 22 years old. Her boy/girl and group scenes will be beautiful and exclusive to the X-Art brand. Our models are Goddesses like Kenna. Seemingly out of reach, but surprise she was pining for our own James Deen. The day was like a love story. I truly think this couple fell in love (I don't know how long, but if it's an orgasm a day then make it at least two weeks of uninterrupted lust for them). She then went to the gym and invited a hot girl to show him what she's used too and finally to show us what she can really handle she then took Alex's 12 inch monster cock. You'll see the photos and videos all released soon on X-Art and Colette. Kenna is a true prize. Smart, beautiful, loves her work, always smiling, laughing and an utter joy to be around. The girl and boy crushes are flying when she walks in the room. Excited to welcome her to the team with Franzi and I! Believe me the price of membership should go up times 100 to watch these Kenna BG videos. But we won't do that. So watch or join and watch! xo Love Colette 💗I promise you will NOT be disappointed!

Fan favorite Miu is excited to bring her bestie Kirra to X-Art. These two have a lot in common. Both are successful, stunning, bi-sexual European models. Both are from the Czech Republic; they possess that delicate, classic quality that makes photographers instantly love them. And they are good friends (with benefits) You see, Miu and Kirra really love to make each other cum. When they get naked, they kiss, caress the exquisite, well-toned body of their girlfriend, and find this most entertaining. They giggle, laugh and finger-fuck their way to mutual excitement and happiness. Sound like heaven? Watch with intense pleasure as Miu and Kirra give each other multiple orgasms in this gorgeous erotic display of true super model experimental sex. And the results are explosive. Cum and see. xoxo Love, Colette

Stunning 19 year old Milla is back and she wants to tease you and please you. This fits the brown-eyed beauty perfectly; she is playful, smart and loves sex. Naturally, she adores getting her lips and tongue around something pink: sprinkled doughnuts! Does this mean Milla has an oral fixation? Time will tell. We do know that she has fantastic, 34D tits, flat abs and a world-class ass. Personally, I just love watching her eyes sparkle as she slips out of her panties and imagines what we are thinking. She spreads her killer legs and we know innocent-looking Mila is a gorgeous girl who wants to fuck. For today let's enjoy her sheer sensual beauty. Tomorrow let's see what cums ....XOXO, Colette

Nancy applies lipstick while wearing bra and panties that reveal her spectacular figure. Karl pours them some red wine in the kitchen with visions of The Perfect Fuck dancing in his head. Nancy takes a sip while we drink in her blue eyes, full lips and those spectacular tits bursting to be free. Then she slithers across the table and lets him indulge his foot fetish while she laughs. Her husband slips off her panties. God, her tight pussy and ass are wonderful. Now naked, she remains on the table while he licks her clit and then Nancy devours a mouthful of cock. She asks him to take her from behind, and they passionately fuck in a variety of positions in the kitchen -- without spilling the bottle of wine! Nancy knows that you are watching as she cums even harder. Wouldn't you love the chance to fuck Nancy?  XOXO, Colette

In the early years of video games, Miss Pac Man was one of the most popular. Long before Bambi was born, guys and girls used to play it in bars. Add a few drinks and, presto, you often had instant hookups. For her debut here, we introduced this babe to a lovely brunette who also is popping her cherry as an X-Art model. Again, their video game soon inspires both of them to lose their clothes, focus on more erotic play, and fuck each other to magical, strong orgasms. I guess some things never change -- in a good way! And Bambi's new girlfriend is so great at eating pussy that I dubbed her "Miss Pac Man." Both girls have beautiful, flower-like pussies and athletic, petite bodies. They love vibrators for their pretty clits and soft lips between their legs. Let the Sex Games begin. XOXO, Colette

"Hottest model on X-Art" is what one of our subscribers wrote when Nancy made her solo debut. A Ukrainian fashion model with sparkling blue eyes, high cheekbones and a slender, delicious body, Nancy is the total package. Now imagine you are the luckiest man in Europe -- her husband Karl. Do you think that Nancy would rock your world? "Sometimes we make love and sometimes we fuck," this stunning blonde told us. "We like to shake things up and try new things. Getting it on while you guys shoot is such a turn-on for both of us. It's a little rad and the orgasms are spectacular!" 

Jill believes in starting the new year with a bang, and she can't stop smiling at the thought of hooking up with Ryan for some festive fucking. This adorable, upbeat fashion model with the trim, athletic body loves oral sex. She delights in slipping out of her sexy black dress, watching as her guy licks her tight pussy, and then getting down for some skillful cock sucking. Can you imagine looking into Jill's blue eyes as she takes your manhood down her throat? A native Texan, she also loves to ride. Reverse cowgirl first, please. Jill then gets off as she watches Ryan takes her from behind. What a sweet ass. Jill's 20-year-old body continues to intertwine with Ryan's as they fuck with passion and sensitivity. Her multiple orgasms are better than any champagne. Just cum inside and find out. XOXO, Colette

If Hollywood gave out that coveted gold statuette for "Best Newcummer," many X-Art subscribers would vote for sophisticated, classy & super sexy Milla! Of course this Euro born supermodel has fabulous, all natural breasts (seriously perfect ...every man and woman's envy), her tight, bubble butt makes heads turn wherever she goes. Those eyes, those delicate features and her perfect (and often wet) pussy might just make the judges cum in their pants. Don't worry we're not assuming anyone could stand while watching Milla get naked.  (Hee hee). In her brief time with X-Art, this fun-loving brunette also discovered that her orgasms are more easily obtained when she knows you are watching. So ask yourself: would you rather have an Oscar on your mantle or hot and naked Milla in your bed or your dreams? I don't need "the envelope please" to answer that question. And stay tuned for more deliciously naughty Milla -- only at X-Art. XOXO, Love, Colette

Tall and blonde Ivy is back for only her second shoot with us. This part-time college girl and dancer loved the first time, and she hinted that she wouldn't mind some no-limits lesbian action for your enjoyment. Like all fashion models, hazel-eyed Lyra is bisexual and already had noticed the new model with the long, lovely legs. This is called a fucking match made in heaven! It is Lyra's first "girl-girl" shoot, but she forgot all about the crew when Ivy's amazing tongue began to lick her clit. Delicious. Not to be outdone, Lyra taught Ivy something about the art of finger-fucking. Soon, we had a fireplace, a fur rug, and two very naked and very hot girls with soaking wet pussies. Two of my favorite toys took the joyful fucking to another level, and it is just beautiful to watch and listen as Ivy and Lyra experience orgasm after orgasm. Happy New Year, girls! XOXO, Colette

Raven-haired Maya M. caused a sensation when she first shot for X-Art. Many a woman would be green with envy to have her divine body and that beautiful, unforgettable face. When we introduced her, one subscriber summed it up by saying "Perfection. Just perfection." Maya is smart, funny and a successful fashion model in Europe. But don't let that big, beguiling smile fool you. This girl can have earth-shattering orgasms. Maya likes to take it slow. She loves to tease and gets off knowing that you are watching her. Just imagine those killer legs wrapped around you. Rumor is that she is bisexual. Want to find out? Perfection doesn't come around this often. XOXO, Colette

Adorable brunette Salena Storm is on the couch and playing with her tight pussy. Lucky for her, two of the most beautiful voyeurs possible are watching from the stairs above, and Aiden Ashley and Kimmy love what they see. Everyone is wearing -- at least briefly -- tempting lingerie and stockings that highlight her trim, fashion model body. You might say that the theme of this Halloween Weekend threesome is "black-and-white and fucked all over." The delicious pussy and ass licking is a total treat. And the trick is the multiple orgasms contest -- featuring favorite Colette toys -- that the girls use to go deep inside.  Kimmy, Aiden and Salena love doing each other. Wouldn't you love to join them? XOXO, Colette

Blonde, slender goddess Blake Eden is gracing us with a new shoot, and this time she hooks up with brunette Marley Brinx in a tantalizing sexual romp for the ages. (If you are new and didn't see sultry Marley in October 2015, go check her out in the X-Art archives under "A Night In Vegas." She cums hard and often with a cock in her tight pussy. Thank god for our permanent collection.) Fortunately, these former fashion models are bisexual and know how to fuck another girl with style, tenderness and heat when a guy doesn't respond to their text fast enough. Or did Blake and Marley plan to do each other all along? They definitely know how to eat pussy and finger fuck until each is in orgasmic heaven. And when Blake discovers a certain pink dildo, you know there is more to cum. XOXO, Colette

The first thing you notice about Ivy is her eyes, next her stunning, long legs and  as she raises her lashes you see an alluring smile and you know she was destined to be here in this moment. She loved her very first X-Art shoot and it shows. When she gets naked, her perfect dancer's body makes everyone on the set take notice. She is a very smart girl, when dancing didn't work out, she decided to use her body to entertain in other ways. Ivy surprised even herself with how easily she was able to cum and have multiple orgasms while the crew watched awestruck. Her body trembles. She takes it further, fucking both her ass and pussy. She cums like a volcano. A personal DP! And it was HER idea. This is a must see. XOXO, Colette

Milla has such a beautiful face that the photographer (and everyone else) instantly is enchanted. She is a European girl with a great sense of humor and a body to die for. Yes, those gorgeous 35D cup tits are real. So is her slim, well-proportioned body and that firm, oh-so-inviting ass. When she begins to spread her pussy and arouse herself in the shower, all bets are off. Milla is so desirable that it makes you ache. Yes, this is her first shoot with X-Art. She is so fucking hot that you can't wait to see more of her, right? Maybe we can do something about that. XOXO, Colette and Brig

X-Art has subscribers worldwide, and many of them get off the most when we feature European girls. Well, we strive to please, and what could be more pleasurable than watching the Ukraine's spectacularly beautiful Nancy as she slowly gets naked and caresses and arouses her delicious body. This blonde is in no hurry, and by the time she spreads her perfect pussy and feels the erotic sensation of rushing water between her legs, she has your complete attention. Join Nancy as she beautifully fucks herself to "The Big O"! By the way, this stunning fashion model with the mesmerizing blue eyes and classic high cheekbones is a photographer's delight. My bet is that you also will love her gorgeous natural tits and sexy tight ass. Nancy is new to X-Art and is game for more sexual adventures with us. Are you in? XOXO, Colette

One person for whom we can all be thankful this year is Angelica. Her "body of work"  makes her one of the most popular, sought after girls in the history of X-Art. And what a body, a face certain "je ne sais quois" that cums with her sizzling hot, intense sexuality. You may have read somewhere that she is retired from erotica and that you will never again see a new video of her passionately fucking. But that would be wrong, Here is a shoot you have never seen exclusively for our subscribers. Angelica is ready for a massage, and the body oil dripping from her newly slender, unbelievably gorgeous frame soon led to a very wet pussy as well. Can you imagine massaging Angelica and then thrusting your cock inside her as she smiles and gasps with delight? This model of all models loves to fuck with all her heart. The missionary position sex and the way she curls her toes when Ben takes her from behind alone are worth the price of admission. But this Russian princess loves multiple orgasms and is not done yet. Just for you: Angelica - hotter than ever. XOXO, Colette PS. More Angelica to Cum...

This is the perfect title for this new X-Art model. Deliciously innocent-looking Tini always seems in a good mood and really got into her shoot for you. A trim Russian brunette with hazel eyes, Tini loves the thought that she is turning you on. It's easy to focus on her perfect ass and her gorgeous pussy, but one should not overlook Tini's personality. This is a beautiful girl who loves what she is doing, and that usually leads to multiple orgasms. Watch as she rubs her clit and finger fucks herself until she is immersed in total sexual pleasure. She likes to take her time. Wouldn't you? Note: Tini adores sex but is a bit on the shy side. Show your support for her in the comments section when you have a free hand! XOXO, Colette

Lena still is only 18, but her statuesque figure and those long, gorgeous legs made her an instant fashion model. Lucky for you, she started to explore her sexuality this year at X-Art as well. All of Lena's appearances have been fabulously erotic and full of youthful, teasing enthusiasm. But I know what you want for Christmas: this American girl's first shoot with a guy! Jean has a soft touch as he gently unwraps this perfect Christmas present. The lovely arch of her back; her absolutely stunning ass; those full lips. Lena is the complete package, and sex with this valentine should not be rushed. Thus, a sensual massage increases the erotic tension. Our Lena's pussy is soaking wet and the anticipation is almost unbearable by the time Jean's cock penetrates her flower-like lips. A nice slow fuck feels so good. Then the action increases as Lena gets on top.  Turns out that she loves taking it as deep as possible as she surrenders to orgasms over and over. I love the blend of passion, intimacy and joyful fucking that Lena provides us throughout. Thanks to her, Christmas is cumming! XOXO, Colette and Brig 

I think it is a great idea to dress Alexa in blue lingerie. You can see why this 5'10" beauty with the mesmerizing green eyes already is a successful fashion model. She looks great in everything and keeps her lean body in perfect athletic trim. When she decides to play tease-the-photographer by getting naked and spreading her lips, she overwhelms everyone with her natural, uninhibited sexuality. Naturally, I agreed when Alexa caught Jean's eye and suggested that we move on to wine, a fireplace and some passionate fucking. Capturing her delight as she sucked his cock, got wet as he licked her pussy, and then continued to have hard orgasms as Jean's ample manhood filled her up is fabulous erotic art. And Alexa loves that she is turning you on as well. Cheers, Brigham

 When a girl is wearing a pair of glasses and sheer tights (and nothing else), you can bet that she has an appetite for more than reading. And if you are Madi Meadows, those hazel eyes, full lips and long legs are irresistible to anyone. X-Art subscribers have been begging for Madi to shoot on this site with a guy ever since she made her sizzling threesome debut on Colette.com. Can't get enough of her? Well, wishes do cum true. She is a Hollywood starlet, but Madi isn't acting when she deep throats Codi's dick or spreads her tight pussy for intense, sensual fucking. And when this beauty has multiple orgasms, she lets her man know. I love it when a beautiful woman verbalizes the excitement of good sex. Don't you agree? XOXO, Colette

The first thing you notice about new X-Art Girl Kimmy is that dazzling smile, her fashion model body and those teasingly sexy eyes. Kimmy loves to show some skin and then seduce you to death. Watch as she reveals her young, tight pussy in this outdoors shoot and then slowly finger fucks herself. Did I mention that she has a lovely, well-toned ass? It is easy to lose yourself in her beauty as Kimmy spreads her wet lips, gives you That Look, and builds up to her first delightful orgasm with a cock-shaped toy. Our new girl likes it big and she likes it deep. Want to see more of Kimmy?  Cheers, Brigham

Tall and beautiful Alexa is horsing around at the Unicorn Ranch with Michael. As luck would have it, her friend and fellow fashion model Lena is visiting and joins the party at the stables. With their long legs and hazel eyes, these two girls could go the distance with anyone. Bisexual Alexa is turned on by the possibilities and soon is wearing only her glasses as she helps Lena get naked and begins to kiss and nibble her spectacular tits. Perfect. Lucky Alexa soon is licking her girlfriend's pussy while Michael thrusts his cock deep into her from behind. Wouldn't you love to be part of this sex train? Alexa continues to give Michael riding lessons as she starts to fuck Lena with one of my favorite toys. Soon our girls are cumming hard and having multiple orgasms.  XOXO, Colette

Our college girl Anya  doubtless can have anyone she wants. Look at those sparkling blue eyes, inviting smile and tight little ass. She also has a special cock sucking skill you have to see. Anya's appetite for sucking grapes soon grows to sucking cock (of course) and studly Frenchman Jean walks over so she's like, "Why not?" Lucky Jean, Anya loves to get fucked from behind and she loves a man who can give her multiple orgasms and fuck her HARD. And when her petite body is on top she rides him like a cowgirl should. Check out the REAL passion between these two hot bodies and let me know what you think.. XOXO, Colette 

The first thing you'll notice about Lena are her sweet hazel eyes. This is fitting since -- although she is tall and lithe -- she has that 'come hither' look of a puppy begging. But you won't mistake her for a puppy with her full-lips and shy girlish smile. Only 18 years old and 6'1" tall, this teenager shows a confidence and outgoing friendliness that makes her seem older than her years at times, and then you catch a glimpse of a girl. But what we really marveled at are her legs: can you say "forever"? Yes it would seem they go on forever. Watch her get naked and stare in astonishment at this gift of nature: tall, youthful, lithe and simply beautiful. And there is one more great thing: she is super cool and this blonde chicky loves sex!. She suggested that she fuck herself with a favorite, cock-shaped toy. She wanted to show us "how good she is at it" (like that puppy always wanting to please). Well, she became so turned on and her orgasms came rapidly. Seriously, shooting her was a total delight. And Colette loves when I enjoy shooting  the girls. I am betting you will want more of Lena soon. She's almost too tall for one frame anyway; we need to get both legs. Sit back, relax and enjoy this naughty fashion model as she puts on the show of her life for you! xx Brig

There are pretty girls, beautiful girls, and then girls like Uma Jolie. I am not sure if anyone gets off shooting for X-Art more than this stunning Californian. Just look at those eyes. They would suck in any man (so to speak) or woman. Uma is classy and loves animals. Wouldn't you love to be that puppy in this shoot? She has such a sexy and teasing sense of humor. Miss Jolie also truly appreciates the finer things in life, whether it is a good wine or hot sex. When she raise her lovely legs and starts fingering her perfect pussy, well, it takes your breath away. Enjoy! Brigham 

Jillian the Pussy Cat Burglar is back. This time the lithe, gorgeous blonde dazzles her date with her conversation, her come-fuck-me-smile, and some skillful lifting of cold cash when he is out of the room. But sexual desire goes both ways this night, and what is Jillian to do when the dough is stashed in her bra? Not to worry. Our Pussy Cat Burglar knows she can suck a guy's cock so good that he will be thinking with his little head, not his brains. She's got the money on her mind but her target is distracting her, what will happen. Does she get away? Hopefully our little villan gets to leave with both cum and cash! XOXO, Colette

This one is special. X-Art Girl and adorable brunette Salena has done a solo shoot for you, but this is her first with another beautiful girl. And not just any model! Wait until you see Bella Rose, a vivacious blonde teenager with hazel eyes and a body from heaven. This is her debut appearance on our site. I bet you will want more of both of these delightful and uninhibited girls. Salena and Bella are sexually explosive when they are together, and the licking of their young pussies and the finger fucking didn't stop when the cameras were turned off. Cum see why! -- Brigham

When beautiful Blake Eden invites two other X-Art Girls over for wine and strawberries on a summer afternoon, she has more than finger food in mind. More like finger fucking! Of course, babes Lena and Naomi are also up for some laughter, tender kissing, and playful three-way sex. Soon everybody is naked and exploring each others' tight, young pussies with their tongues and their lips. Orgasms for all as Blake, Lena and Naomi take turns delightfully turning on their girlfirends. Since Blake is the hostess, she receives some double finger fucking. Wouldn't you love to cum to her party? XOXO, Colette

We love Caprice and Marcello. This stunning, swinging couple is a blast to be around, and X-Art fans clearly cannot get enough of this gorgeous female sexual gymnast. Today, Caprice has a surprise for her husband -- stunning college coed Anya Olsen - and he has one for her. Let's just say that Caprice's motto is "two cocks usually are better than one" and that Marcello gets off making love to his wife and watching another guy fuck her to bliss as well. Both girls are bisexual, so all the ingredients are here for a legendary X-Art shoot. My advice is sit back, drop your pants or panties, and enjoy! Wouldn't you love to be part of this beautiful, orgasmic foursome? One for your permanent collection.  XOXO, Colette

Yes, we know. Caprice and Uma Jolie are perfect. Period. Each X-Art Girl can make anyone wet (or hard). Now imagine this gorgeous duo together. In the pool or out, they are eager to fuck. Who is the most beautiful? Call it a blissful tie. Who is the most orgasmic? Caprice and Uma are so into each other, so passionate as they lick and finger each others' pussies, that one hot body seems to blend into the other. Tenderness and lust. Caprice and Uma. Wet and naked. Perfection. XOXO, Colette

X-Art Girl Sarah Luuv has a strong appetite, but she also is in the mood for some tenderness. Tyler takes the time to caress Sarah's naked body, nibble on her ear and kiss her gently. When he comes down on her, she loves that he licks her pussy slowly and lets her first orgasm gradually build to a strong climax. Who wouldn't love to tug at Sarah's full lips and taste her clit as she cums? She naturally returns the favor with some gorgeous cock sucking and then rides her guy passionately in their personal garden of ecstasy. Finally, the lovers fuck fast and hard on the table until they cum together. Sarah's broad smile and sparkling brown eyes tell us that she adored every minute.  XOXO, Colette

Jillian Janson is in bed and thinking of her boyfriend. She decides to make a sexy selfie of herself on her smart phone and remind the guy of what he is missing. With her stunning blue eyes, full lips and lovely legs, Jillian knows that she can make him ache as she explores her sexuality. Her homemade video shoot gets even hotter when another X-Art Girl -- Anny Aurora of the red hair, sexy figure and gorgeous skin tones - decides to join her friend in a home shoot that may make the phone explode! Nipples become erect, panties soon are optional, and what they create quickly becomes mandatory viewing. Both Jillian and Anny adore licking pussy, and they get turned on big time as they finger and fuck each other. Scissoring and sixty-nine send both of these super models into orgasmic orbit. Wouldn't you love to receive this for your viewing pleasure? Hee hee. XOXO, Colette

The Pussy Cat Burglar is one of the hottest - and most entertaining - films in X-Art history.Download the 4K Ultra HD version and save it to your collection of all time favorite sex scenes.Gorgeous blonde Blake and her lucky man Van settle in for a romantic night of champagne, strawberries and sex.But wait! What's that? They hear a sound... Kitted out in a sexy black catsuit, it's super stunning Jillian Janson on the prowl, robbing them blind. Caught in the act, Blake and Van shove Jillian down, ass up - and dole out the punishment she deserves (and obviously craves).There's a hole in the bottom of her catsuit, just big enough for... Sensational penetrations, three-way fucking and orgasms galore. Watch for the special ending. This is X-Art at its most unforgettable. ~ Brig, Colette and Franziska

X-Art subscribers always go wild when we shoot a new scene with X-Art Girls Misty and Heidi R. Since this is her first time with another girl, we asked Heidi who would be her dream hook-up. Without hesitation, she admitted to a "girl crush" on Misty. Turns out that Misty has been lusting for her as well. Both are uniquely beautiful in their own way, and each has a stunning body. I love the tenderness between them as the girls slowly get naked together. And when Misty gets between Heidi's legs and begins to lick her sweet spot, all bets are off. Scissoring anyone? Pussy licking and finger fucking took over as our girls started cumming over and over. And yes, knowing that you are watching turns them on even more. XOXO, Colette

Beautiful X-Art Girl Anny Aurora loves sex, but sometimes a girl likes to be tempted with some strawberries, wine and a little tenderness to get her in the right mood. This German cutie with the fiery red hair especially likes to drop her panties when the guy knows how to slowly lick her clit and explore her young pussy with his fingers and tongue. Van must know the trick, and Anny returns the favor with some spectacular cock sucking that would drive any man wild. No need to rush; it feels so good. Sweet Anny also loves to fuck reverse cowgirl style so that she can watch her man's pulsating dick inside her as she begins to cum. Soon the orgasms are faster and harder as Anny's lovely face flushes in delight. Fucking romance in the garden! XOXO, Colette

With her gorgeous green eyes and fiery red hair, European beauty Heidi R is in tremendous demand as a fashion model. She also is an actress and has appeared in a popular cable TV series. (Hint: Lots of characters get killed each week). Heidi has a healthy sexual appetite, of course, and the 21-year-old jumped at the chance to shoot for X-Art. Her delicate features, gorgeous tits and firm ass are stunning. This time, however, our Russian girl with the adorable freckles didn't stop with her bra and panties. When Heidi decided to finger her young pussy and fuck herself, she didn't hold back. The orgasms cum fast and hard. So, have a taste of this lovely fireball. Bet you will want more! XOXO, Colette

Blonde, busty Cherry Kiss loves to ride and is happy to saddle up in -- or out -- of her riding duds. Our gorgeous X-Art Girl has a special request before she jumps on, however. Something about a large, cock shaped dildo that will stretch her delicious pink pussy on the saddle until she is dripping wet and ready for multiple orgasms. You see, Cherry loves to tease and definitely gets off as she plays while you watch. Notice how she looks at you as she delights in her deep throat skills and tries out different ways to fuck herself. With her stunning tits, well-toned ass and full, inviting lips, this European beauty is going to carry you across the finish line every time. Cum on, it is time to ride! XOXO, Colette

X-Art Girl Aidra has a great body, a beautiful face (those cute dimples!) and an intensely sensual quality that the camera adores. It was her idea to dress for bed in a garter, sheer stockings and high heels. Add a translucent dildo and let nature take its course. My hope in this shoot was to capture Aidra's passionate, deep love of sex and the glory of her orgasms. She exceeded expectations! Sit back and enjoy her delicious curves; those magnificent natural tits; her flirting with you, the subscriber; and the the joy she reveals as she spreads her tight, wet pussy and fucks herself deep and hard. Amazing girl. -- Brigham

New X-Art Girl Jill Kassidy is having a wonderfully sexy time as her boyfriend and she watch our site in their underwear. (I recommend it!) But this knockout brunette has another idea. Why not phone another wonderful X-Art model and invite her over for a viewing party? If it is jaw-dropping, gorgeous Naomi Woods, you can bet that a threesome just is a kiss and a caress away. Soon the girls lose their panties and hot finger-fucking begins. And Van soon discovers that watching lesbian play is great, but a double blow job is even better. As he penetrates not one but two tight young pussies, multiple orgasms by multiple girls becomes the rule. Personally, I absolutely love it when Jill and Naomi offer up their sweet asses and Van fucks them back and forth. Total orgasmic pleasure. Trust me! XOXO, Colette 

When petite Naomi Woods took one look at tall, 6'1" Lena Anderson, she loved what she saw. Every inch of her screams out youthful sexiness. Now an X-Art Girl, teenager Lena is new to erotic modeling but she definitely knows what she likes in the bedroom. These stunning girls instantly started playing and shedding each others clothes as they laughed and playfully kissed. And when beautiful Naomi started licking and sucking Lena's young pussy, all bets were off. Lena returned the favor and sent Naomi into orgasmic orbit with some delightful double finger fucking.Not to be outdone, Naomi used my magic toy on young Lena's clit. She got off so good. Gorgeous girls cum in many sizes!  XOXO, Colette 

Maybe it is those innocent, hazel eyes. That lovely teenage face of a girl who has become a woman. Her youthful, acrobatic body. Those full lips that promise so much. Whatever, our 18-year-old Lena is the complete package. When she smiles at you as she starts to get naked, she is effortlessly erotic and beautiful at once. When Lena reveals her gorgeous tits and tight, young ass, you are entranced at the perfect lines of her body. That flat tummy. Those long, long legs that you would love to have wrapped around your waist. Her shaved, wet, young pussy that makes you throb in anticipation. Lena laughs with delight, reaches for her vibrator, gives you That Look, and starts to fuck herself. Pressing against her clit feels so good. The orgasms cum hard and fast. She know you want to take her doggy style.  You do, don't you?  XOXO, Colette  

X-Art Girl Naomi Woods looks achingly delicious in her first twosome shoot for us with a guy. Our petite young lady chose pink lingerie to complement her blonde hair and those glorious green eyes. Of course, she looks even more spectacular as she slowly reveals the gloriously naked body of an athlete and former figure skater. Olympic orgasms, anyone? The camera lens loves Naomi, and here you can almost taste her wet pussy and feel those full lips wrap around her man's big cock. She can be so tender and romantic, but make no mistake: Naomi loves to fuck. Knowing that you can see her every move in bed just makes her want it more! XOXO, Colette

Gorgeous Cherry Kiss is in demand throughout Europe. Small wonder. This blonde, blue-eyed super model now is an X-Art Girl, and we are delighted to reveal her combination of sophistication and a desire for sexual adventure. A proud native of Serbia, Cherry turns heads everywhere with her statuesque 5'8" frame and her natural B cup tits. In this instance, our delicious girl is hungry, but she soon turns her attention from the menu to the hard cock before her. Cherry is a smart girl and she knows she can have anyone she wants. Can you imagine her amazing oral skills applied to your dick or her absolute pleasure as she rides your cock? I bet you would love it, Miss Kiss loves to be fucked hard, and she wants you to enjoy her orgasmic excitement along with her!  XOXO, Colette. 

Blonde babe Aurora Belle quickly is becoming an X-Art sensation. With her green eyes and full lips (both pair), she arouses the attention of both men and women wherever she goes. Her tight ass is a thing of beauty and, let's face it, Aurora is heart-stopping when she spreads her teenage pussy and invites you to get off with her. This German girl has found a home at X-Art, don't you think? When she finger fucks herself, this cutie is so delicious. And she gets orgasmic knowing that she is giving you pleasure as well. XOXO, Colette

New X-Art Girl Uma Jolie really loves to exercise and keep her jaw-dropping body in top shape. Like any young, healthy American girl, her most enjoyable workout is sex. Lucky for you, Uma discovered that shooting for X-Art is a totally orgasmic experience. Notice how this blonde beauty invites you to watch as she gets naked, spreads her lips, and fingers her young, wet cherry pie. Knowing that you will be aroused totally gets her off. And her big smile gets even wider when she fucks herself with a see-through dildo as the orgasms keep on cumming. Uma's cherry pie is good enough to eat! XOXO, Colette

Adorable blonde pixie Aurora Belle is a multi-talented musician, model and lover of good times. Those full lips, green eyes and tight ass - she is irresistible. Aurora was doing a solo shoot for us and looking fabulous in her pink, "fuck me" panties and black nylon when Jean and she made eye contact on the set. The sexual chemistry was obvious. Suddenly, Aurora asked if she could do her first X-Art shoot with a guy. Who could ever tell her no? Trust me, the passion you see between these two is real. Notice the tender touching, kissing and laughter. The oral sex is spectacular and intense. And when Aurora takes that big cock inside her tight young pussy, she is in orgasmic heaven. You will be too! XOXO, Colette

New X-Art Girl Anya Olsen is so spectacularly beautiful that it is easy to forget that she has an insatiable sexual appetite. Anya doesn't want just to be admired. But on the Ranch, she wouldn't consider sucking cock or fucking the right guy without keeping her black riding boots on. The petite brunette with the luminous eyes and that perfect ass knows exactly what she wants and what gets her pussy wet. Anya turns heads everywhere when she is in (and out) of those tight, short jeans. And if some kinky sex play in the barn involves a little bondage, well, why not? All this is the true meaning of a "booty" call out West, right? Anya is so achingly desirable and so pretty that I bet the guys and gals of X-Art World are going to be begging for more of her real soon. XOXO, Colette

With her beautiful, exquisite good looks and a super model's perfect body, Misty probably suspects that she could have any man she wanted. But this X-Art fan favorite loves to laugh, to enjoy life, and to take it slow. When it is the right guy, notice how Misty wears sexy black panties and sheer stockings to enhance the sensual mood for the evening. See how she takes her time to suck a cock just right until her lover is about to cum in her mouth. Listen to Misty's delight when a man knows how to tenderly lick pussy. And when a guy enters her, he best know how to fuck slow, fast and hard. Misty loves to have orgasms in several positions and she lives to give pleasure. Who wouldn't love her madly? XOXO, Colette 

New X-Art Girl Anya Olsen will drive you crazy (in a good way). With her crystal blue eyes and luscious lips, she offers an unforgettable image of female sensuality and explosive erotic sensation. This college coed and part-time model could give anyone quite an education. Anya asked me if she could make love to the camera and that is exactly what she does. Notice how her eyes twinkle and remain firmly fixed on you as she slips out of black lingerie and leather to explore her tight young body. When she spreads her pussy and begins to fuck herself, the result is electric. Want a behind-the-scenes story? The batteries in Anya's vibrator burned out when she applied it to her clit. Too hot to handle? She laughed and said, "I guess that means that I really cum hard!" Cheers, Brigham

Young California beauty Ellena Woods is a new X-Art Girl. She is interested in trying erotic modeling but has never has shot with a partner before. Luckily, Ellena told us that she admired smoking hot model Aidra, who is back at your request. The electricity between these two was evident from the first, and these girls got so in to each other (in more ways than one) that the temperature on the set would have been sizzling even if it were winter. When you are lucky, a cinematographer gets to capture the true joy of sex. Kissing, fondling, finger fucking and spectacular pussy licking are all here. Look as well for the laughter, the hunger that Ellena and Aidra have for each other, and the hard, multiple orgasms that just keep on cumming. A beautiful couple doing what they love. Cheers, Brigham

Lyra quickly is becoming an X-Art Girl favorite since first shooting with us earlier this year. Her California babe good looks, those hazel eyes and a smile that would light up any room are good reasons. But let's face it: Lyra also turns heads because she has a great, well-toned ass and a gorgeous pussy that she likes to get wet as often as possible. Yes, Lyra really loves to fuck and loves to turn on our subscribers. I consider this new shoot as a tribute to her beautiful booty. For fun, I let her choose her favorite dildo and, of course, she chose two that let her rub her clit, go deep inside and then laugh with pleasure as she had lovely orgasms. Lyra loves it! XOXO, Colette

Stunning Melissa Moore is on her cell talking with her current lover. She wishes he were with her, especially when the phone sex gets hot and heavy. She begins to feel her hard nipples as she gets topless and loosens her tight cut-off jeans to play with her pussy. God, she is getting so wet as he whispers in her ear. Melissa would love to get fucked right now. She slips out of her panties and fingers her clit. The brunette beauty spreads her lips and slowly begins to finger fuck herself. She glories in her nakedness as she tastes herself. Where is that fabulous cock-shaped dildo that Colette gave her? Here it is. She raises her legs as she penetrates her pussy with her pink toy. It feels so good. Melissa squirms in her chair and changes positions as she fucks herself deeper and harder. She cums hard. What a lovely girl; what a refreshing orgasm. Hey, what happened to the cell phone? Never mind. Her lover heard the whole thing. XOXO, Colette

It's a beautiful day to make love to a beautiful woman!She strolls playfully through a lush garden. She smiles in adoration of you, then gets playful, climbing up a tree like we used to do when we were kids.Her happiness is a great turn on.Her luminous face leads down to the soft but strong lines of her neck.She moves in, you feel the pull to come even closer. You can feel her warm breath as you're just inches away from that first kiss.Passion takes over, as you kiss her, her legs fall open - inviting you even further.It's going to be a very good day for you - here In The Garden of Ecstasy!

Blonde cutie Chloe Couture is a college coed who loves fashion, cats and romantic sex. The girl with the soulful eyes flashed a beguiling smile when I suggested that she slip out of her tiny pink outfit and play with her very own kitty. Chloe loves the feel of a cock in her mouth and inside her pussy, and a very large dick-shaped toy soon caught her attention. Can you imagine those beautiful baby blues looking up as she slowly sucks you until you cum? As her dildo parted her lips and moved deeply inside her, Chloe's own orgasms shook her body. This girl definitely believes that bigger is better!  Hee hee. XOXO, Colette 

Adria Rae is a very intelligent girl who appreciates the arts. This green-eyed brunette adores the great painters and photographers who have captured the female nude so beautifully through the centuries. When she saw me naked in a stunning photograph that Brigham took (yes, it was our first night together), she immediately asked to pose for her own artiste. Well, it turns out that instant sexual chemistry in the studio strikes again! Petite Adria Rae has a big smile that can light up any room, but she also has a flexible, fit body that is built for play. And when the right guy catches her eye, she loves to fuck in every possible position. Orgasms for art! XOXO, Colette

Just in time for #ThrowbackThursday!There is something so cool about that 1980's style of erotic photography, shot on 35mm film in funky outfits and tall socks! Inspired by those awesome girly mags of yesteryear, we decided to dress-up super-hottie Salena Storm in roller skates and knit bottoms.I'm pretty sure that if you looked up "irresistibly, adorable and sexy," you would find Salena Storm.As a photographer, she is an absolute joy to shoot, her every angle is a pleasure to the eye. Petite, pretty and dying to be naughty for you... This is Salena.She is so much fun and such a flirt! The truth is, on and off camera, she loves to play with her sweet pussy - and have sex. Can you tell?When we handed her a lollipop-esque sex toy, Salena quickly dropped her panties and started playing with her pussy to a blissful orgasm! Enjoy!

Shooting beautiful Melissa Moore is a total delight. Her sparkling eyes, full lips, gorgeous skin tone and hour glass figure demand the best that a photographer has to offer. Fortunately for us, Melissa also loves to do what cums naturally. This breakfast scene required little direction. "To be honest, sucking a perfect male dick always has been a real turn-on," Melissa confided in that soft, sexy voice of hers. "And I love to tease a guy during foreplay." And this X-Art Girl adores sex with the right guy. "Alex knows how to treat a girl right when he licks her pussy," Melissa giggled. "After that, I couldn't wait to fuck him.  Is it OK to say that?" Yes, Miss Moore, it is! Cheers, Brigham

Elsa Jean's adorable good looks and twinkling eyes must have made Tyler think like he could not be more lucky. With her full lips and captivating smile, he knew he was about to receive a blowjob for the ages. Then Scarlett Sage showed up and joined the party. As this second blonde, blue-eyed beauty with those gorgeous legs demonstrated her delightful oral skills, how did he keep from exploding?  But wait. Petite and vivacious Lily Rader soon made it an all blonde three-way. The girls were naked, stunning and ready to fuck. A reverse cowgirl cock riding contest left this trio with wet pussies and aching for more. They formed a tantalizing sex train, and these Colette Girls continued switching partners as the fucking, kissing, licking and laughter erupted into a wild, orgasmic explosion!  Blondes love to fuck in triplicate! XOXO, Colette 

Her last name and her beauty tell everyone that Chloe Couture is made for high fashion. Dressed to kill and ready for fun, she couldn't resist posing in front of my favorite photograph from the night that Brigham and I first dated. (Funny how I soon lost my clothes!) Chloe has the same romantic idea in mind as she poses in her black dress and pearls on the sofa. But her boyfriend is doing what cums naturally -- watching the wonderful erotic world of X-Art on his laptop as his cock gets hard. Finally, he gives this hot blonde teenager  with the baby doll good looks and sophisticated allure the erect attention she craves. It gets hot and heavy as each displays excellent oral skills. And when Tyler pulls her legs over her head and fucks Chloe hard and deep, multiple orgasms complete this pretty picture. XOXO, Colette

Presenting Eliza Jane in her very first erotic encounter on-camera!She's an astoundingly cute young blonde from the Midwest. She says that becoming an X-Art Girl is a big step for her."My boyfriend tells me that I look like the all-American girl," Eliza confesses. "I decided that if I was going to fuck him and let special people watch and get off, then it had to be a shoot with the very best. And that is X-Art."What she didn't realize was how cool it would be."To be honest, shooting with the X-Art team was my biggest turn-on ever," Eliza Jane added with a big smile. "I think I had more orgasms in one week than ever before. When can we do this again?"For the record, adorable Eliza Jane also has a wicked sense of humor. "I have decided that, on Kentucky Derby Day this year, I am going to ride cock cowgirl style all day." We love this girl.

Leah likes to have fun in life - and during a shoot. This green-eyed beauty is a cock teaser (first class) when doing a solo nude with any photographer.In Mexico recently, Leah showed me what she can do with something as simple as a pink shawl and a long string of beads. Her youthful, firm tits are awesome. Leah also has a lovely pussy with full lips, and she loves to spread them wide as she grins and her eyes sparkle.On her own, Leah decided to finger fuck herself in positions that only a girl with a limber, athletic body can pull off. Then she surprised everybody by fucking herself in the ass and cumming hard. As I said, this girl loves to play! -- Brigham 

Bikinis, two perky and fun-loving girls, and a beautiful California day. Who could ask for more? Kenna James and new X-Art Girl Kristin Scott certainly agree, or at least they did until they began to touch each others' beautiful skin with sun tan lotion. Soon they are topless and caressing each others' youthful bodies. Fully aroused and wet, the girls instantly want much more. Just look at their gorgeous lips as bikini bottoms came off and our babes satisfy their sexual fantasies. And when it comes to licking pussy and finger fucking a girl to a delicious orgasm, Kristin and Kenna are experts! Want a taste? XOXO, Colette 

Here is a fearless prediction: You are going to absolutely love Kirsten Lee,our newest X-Art model. What a stunning young woman. She fully embraces her sexuality and is excited to share her most intimate delights with you.  Massages, for instances.  Kirsten Lee appreciates a good masseur as much as anyone. But she has very special requirements. She demands that her masseur be a handsome male, and she desires to be touched and pleasured everywhere! Naturally, skillful hands leads to lovely oral sex and relaxed, and then intense, fucking. Wouldn't you love to rub this tall brunette with the bedroom eyes the right way? Hee hee. XOXO, Colette 

Sometimes a girl just wants to wake up, stroll to the bedroom balcony overlooking a spectacular ocean view, and glory in her beautiful sexuality. If you are Joseline, this became reality recently. What is even more true is her spectacular good looks and that body. With her perky tits and her tight, perfectly shaped ass, Joseline effortlessly is everyone's wet dream. She decided to slip out of her clothes and let the water caress her naked body as this lovely college coed became even more aroused. Naturally, this led to orgasmic finger fucking and a perfect beginning to her day and yours. Let's face it, guys. True paradise would be a day with your hard, throbbing cock inside Joseline's delicious pussy, right?  XOXO, Colette

Scarlett Sage, Elsa Jean and Lily Rader know how to have fun (in many ways!) Each girl is totally stunning and, now, each has been "inaugurated" as a new X-Art Girl in the best way possible. Scarlett was the first to set the mood as she rubbed her tight pussy while watching our site on the PC. Soon, her dreams became real as Elsa Jean and Lily entered the room. Clothes disappeared and some delicious kissing, pussy licking and finger fucking was on. Each model soon agreed that they wanted to do the other two as they laughed, teased and became orgasmic. Finally, someone noticed that my favorite purple toy had been left for them, and the joyful fucking became hard and deep. Honestly, I think they wanted this shoot to continue all night. Blondes have more fun!  XOXO, Colette

Viva la Mexico!!!While Colette and I were on vacation in Mexico with a couple of our models, we were chugging margaritas and enjoying the best fresh guacamole.The girls started to get flirty, not surprisingly. It’d been a couple days since any of us had fucked.Joseline headed up to her room to take a bath... When Colette and I walked in we found her naked, looking out the window at crashing waves.I asked Leah and Joseline to show me which girl was the best at sucking cock.These are two girls who really love deep throating to pleasure their man. Leah takes great pride in her ability to take even Michael’s fully erect cock all the way down her throat without gagging.And Joseline happily sucks on Michael’s balls while Leah swallows him completely in unison. At this point he’s one happy man! When Joseline finally climbs on top, Leah and Michael take turns pleasuring her pussy while he plunges as far as she can take it. I could tell Leah was getting overwhelmed with horniness at this point. She starts massaging her pussy to receive some of the tension, but really she can’t wait to get him inside as well.The trio moved over to the bed. Joseline insisted in having another minute or two atop Michael’s cock, she said she was about to come and couldn’t wait any longer. Michael relaxed on the bed and Leah helped grind Joseline’s pussy on him, while Leah sat on his face.After an intense internal orgasm, Joseline finally moves aside and let’s Leah take her turn. Leah and M have been waiting for this moment, and it shows. Her cute bubble butt bounced up and down as she twerked on his rigid shaft. You can see her pussy grabbing on to his cock, even as she grinds all the way down to the base.Joseline licks her fingers and starts to play with Leah’s ass while Michael fucks her. This sends Leah over the edge, and she has first orgasm. The momentum picks up, exchanging deep kisses while wave after wave of pleasure comes over them.When M finally explodes in orgasm, he pulls out for a moment only to share his cum with Joseline, who is eager to taste him. He pushes his still spurting cock back inside Leah and exchanges a kiss as the three collapse in blissful exhaustion.

A gorgeous girl with perfect tits in front of a fireplace on a shaggy rug. Nude "girlie magazines" used to do this frequently back in the time of bunny ears and cotton tails. But not like this! I decided to take a classic shoot and update it with a brand new X-Art Girl, young Zoey Taylor. She is fresh to the world of erotica, and her X-Art debut reminds us that there is a big, exciting difference between nude and erotic shoots. Without question, Zoey is gorgeous and a feast for the eyes. But if you get the impression that she loves life and has an insatiable desire for good sex, you would not be wrong! Just look at those blue eyes and that curvy body as she fucks herself with Colette's favorite beaded toy. Shooting for our subscribers gets her off. Do you want to see more  of Zoey?  Best, Brigham

Any guy would think he was in heaven as red-haired Chrissy Fox straddled him and began to get naked. But this freckled X-Art superstar likes to change things up to spice her sexual playtime. First she blindfolds her man and then she brings in the incredibly perfect, green-eyed Carrol to suck his cock. Does he know the difference? When Chrissy and Carrol both want to fuck you, do you care? Any way you look at it, you win. His eyes are wide open soon enough, and so are two of the tightest, most desirable pussies on the planet. And these twin beauties want to be fucked from behind. Double booty! And they want to do each other. The ultimate dream team. I have to admit it: This shoot makes me so hot! XOXO, Colette

Colette and I are very excited to introduce new X-Art Girl Kristin Scott to you. As it turns out, this slender, beautiful former fashion model is full of surprises. Originally, we were going to shoot her with a guy of her choice. We had barely started and Kristin's love of oral sex was obvious. Watching her lick a long cock up and down the shaft is so hot. Our own Nina North thought so as well! She just happened to be watching the shoot in her bra and panties. Kristin waived her over for The Ultimate Blowjob. Next thing I knew, we had an impromptu threesome. Who was I to say "Stop!" No way. Spontaneous sex is great sex. Soon Nina was eating Kristin's wet pussy while Van was fucking Nina from behind. Miss Scott took her turn and got off as he pulled her leash tighter. Both girls insisted on riding cock as one orgasm followed another. Cum sharing left everyone happy and exhausted. And we had a shoot for you that we never had planned!  XOXO, Colette and Brigham

When it comes to playing chess, X-Art favorite Carrie knows all the right moves. And a few more. But this fox is outfoxed when her partner decides to make the classic "pawn to clitoris" move (you should try it!) and the result is immediate sexual stimulation. Carrie discards the field of play and moves to a new one where her sexy bra and panties aren't a distraction. Playful as ever, this American beauty with the killer body and those gorgeous brown eyes loves to have her pussy licked almost as much as she gets off sucking dick. And when she gets on top and fills her young pussy with her guy's throbbing cock, the play heats up even more. Wouldn't you love to take this American fashion model from behind and watch her sweet, tight ass move rhythmically as she shudders in happy orgasmic pleasure? Carrie's final play is strictly missionary, and she wants his manhood deep and hard in her as she cums once more. Czechmate! XOXO, Colette 

There is something so breathtakingly beautiful about Jillian Janson. Looking straight at you wearing a bra and white panties, she looks so innocent and yet so alluring. As she gets naked, Jillian exudes a self-confidence and a youthful sexuality that cannot conceal her hotter sensual side. Her eyes sparkle and her smile becomes even more inviting as she gives you a peak look at her gorgeous pussy. What a cock teaser! And when this blonde babe discovers a magical silver gift that I have left for her, you know that Jillian's thoughts are turning to orgasmic pleasure. Can you tell that she loves you to watch as the "Colette Special" separates her full lips and goes deep into her pussy? And that Jillian is hoping you get off with her as she fucks herself? This girl (and this dildo) never fail. Trust me! XOXO, Colette

The first thing I noticed when I looked through the lens at petite Nina North in a test shoot was her big brown eyes and that irresistible "wouldn't you love to do me" smile. Not long out of high school, she only did nude solo modeling at first, and she is very particular about working with high quality, premium photographers. But cute Nina's desire to conquer greater erotic worlds was clear from Day One. Now more self-confident, Nina is delighted to fuck the guy of her choice knowing that our shoot will be beautiful and that she is getting you off as well. Her body is firm and athletic, and her full breasts and tight ass are an absolute delight. Adorable and passionate Nina loves sex, and her orgasms are just jaw dropping. And, yes, she still has those spell-binding brown eyes.  All the best, Brigham

X-Art Nation never goes a week without subscribers asking for new shoots with Susie. Done! This blonde X-Art Girl loves life and absolutely adores having orgasms while you watch. Susie's irrepressible sense of humor and big smile never fail her. Did I mention that she also has a bangin' body and stunning good looks? This Czech babe is so acrobatic that she probably could fuck standing on her head. See how much she loves having the right man lick her tight pussy as she arches her back. She playfully returns the favor (orally speaking) and then bends over as this lucky guy's rock hard dick enters her. What a sweet ass. Naturally, sensual sex with a well endowed man makes her cumming back for more. Wouldn't you love some? XOXO, Colette

For her very first shoot with a guy, petite and pretty blonde Alena asked if she could bring along her girlfriend, redhead knockout Katerina. Fuck yes! Before anyone could catch their breath, these wonderful Czech models were out of their clothes and into bed with not one, but two extremely fortunate guys. Both girls absolutely love the feel of large cocks inside their young, tight pussies. And they cum even harder when they can watch each other fuck. Naturally, Alena and Katerina also continued to tenderly kiss one another and had to taste each others' dripping pussies as the action heated up even more. Will these captivating babes swap partners to increase the passion? Well, what do you think? Let's be honest. These gorgeous, sexually liberated girls make me very horny. And you too! XOXO, Colette

Karla Kush has stunning good looks that make her appear almost angelic. Thank goodness for us, this petite blonde has her naughty side as well. With that captivating little smile of hers, Karla decided to slowly get naked and let you watch as she explores her body. I love how her nipples become totally erect as KK thinks about what you are doing as you watch. Her eyes sparkle and she seems almost to glow as her tanned and trim body is revealed. And when she touches her gorgeous young pussy and spreads those lips, we can see that Karla is super wet.  She laughs with girlish delight as she inserts two fingers and begins to vigorously fuck herself. Hard and multiple orgasms follow as we delight in her beauty. When Karla rolls over and we get up close with her tight ass and pink womanhood, it is obvious that this blue eyed honey really enjoys sharing. I think I have a Girl Crush on Kush! XOXO, Colette

Those eyes. Those mesmerizing Chrissy Fox eyes. This hugely popular X-Art Girl loves to look straight into her lover's inner soul whenever she can. Just imagine this stunning Czech model stiffening your manhood as she peels off her clothes and reveals her fabulous curves. With a girlish smile, she takes the measure of your cock and decides to slowly suck you. The favor is returned as you remove her panties, spread her gorgeous lips and begin to lick her pussy as she squirms in delight. The candles dance off her long strawberry blonde hair as Chrissy mounts you cowgirl style and begins to slowly move her hips and fuck your brains out. What a wet, tight, pussy. As you take her from behind, you go wild as Crissy cums again and again. Wouldn't you love to look into those eyes as your dick explodes inside her? XOXO, Colette

Here's some insider info for you. Sometimes our X-Art Girls are having such a good time during a shoot that they forget all about the crew. The sex always is real, but there also are those special times when beautiful models get so turned on that all they want to do is fuck each other in the best way possible. We become voyeurs! Today we introduce Hungarian supermodel Alena. Trust me, you are going to see that she is achingly desirable and so adorable. She hooked up with Carrie, who already is a true sexual superstar at X-Art with both boys and girls. Beauty meets beauty. Instant desire. Both girls laughed, giggled, teased, kissed, and caressed each other as their young pussies grew wetter. And once Alena and Carrie got naked, their tongues and fingers took over. Personally, I loved their orgasmic pussy licking, the finger fucking, the 69 passion, and their spontaneity. Hell, I love every moment. What do you think? XOXO, Colette 

Tall and slender Alexa Grace returns to X-Art for her first sexual romp with another girl. And this striking blonde beauty knew what she wanted to do (or who she wanted to do) in her dreams. That would be Karla Kush, her perfect petite blonde counterpoint. Let's just say that when they met on the set, the sexual chemistry was obvious, immediate and orgasmic. What started out as a classic bathtub scene soon developed into real passion. Playful flirtation became sudden orgasms as Alexa and Karla discovered that they couldn't keep their hands or tongues off each other. Soon, they were fucking with such delight that they they were teasing our crew as they continued to cum again and again. Hell, we all wanted to jump in! Trust me, these glamour models don't need suds to keep their pussies wet. XOXO, Colette

When teenage beauty Melissa Moore decides to gets naked and looks at you with those gorgeous hazel eyes, she can capture the heart and mind of any man. She absolutely loves to suck a dick slowly and playfully wrap her tongue and lips around a guy's shaft and balls as his pulse quickens. In other words, Melissa is a born cock teaser! The pace quickens, however, once she takes a guy for a ride. Yes, this athletic and limber X-Art Girl loves to mix things up and fuck in a variety of positions. Luckily, Jean knows just how to stretch her young, tight pussy until the orgasms cum one after another. Teasing is over. Melissa is the real thing! XOXO, Colette

Two of our most popular European X-Art models are back! Captivating Katherine looks hotter than ever, and she is in itching for a threesome. Fortunately, she brought stunning Misty along, and the girls are putting on a little show for one very lucky guy. I love watching them fondle and kiss as they strip. Then these absolutely gorgeous young women decide to play "Czech mate" with their friend's cock. Some delicious fucking follows as pussies become wetter and the itch for orgasms proves unstoppable. Trust me: This is beautiful erotica at its finest. You will be as turned on as me as we watch Katherine and Misty return in style.  XOXO, Colette

New X-Art Girl Melissa Moore is that special combination of youthful sexuality and a girl who confidently knows what she wants. Those full lips, those soulful eyes, that petite and athletic body. I just love her. Teenage innocence and a fuck-me attitude all in one shoot. Amazing. And when Melissa decides to fuck herself for your pleasure, she really enjoys that you likely are along for the ride. Cum on, wouldn't you love to be her fingers? Have an orgasm with Melissa! XOXO, Colette

It is exciting to welcome this true California Girl with knockout good looks to X-Art. Lyra Louvel makes both men and women turn their heads, and that is before she gets naked! Yes, this slender blonde has those hazel eyes and a flirtatious smile. But don't be fooled. Lyra enthusiastically embraces her erotic fantasies, loves sexual role play and never settles for just one orgasm. Watch her amazing tongue when she licks a cock. And when she fucks a guy, she gets off even more knowing that you will be watching her every move. Lyra has a sweet ass and, trust me, she loves it hard and deep. XOXO, Colette 

Mexico. We drove further and further into the dense, humid jungle. Daylight faded quickly as we arrived. Moments later, Leah Gotti and Michael were in the pool - naked of course. They had been waiting to have sex with each other for what seemed like an eternity. We weren't planning to begin shooting until the morning light, but Colette noticed these two really couldn't wait any longer. Acting on instinct and emotion, Leah and Michael started to play in the water, and to kiss. Soon their bodies took control and they moved together in such a beautiful way. To our pleasure, they share a very real, intimate moment with us... 

Adorable new X-Art Girl Karla Kush looks so irresistible in those white panties and stockings! Jean and Michael look on in appreciation as their dicks grow bigger. She is in the mood to fuck both of them, but she wants to make sure that X-Art fans are watching. See that girlish smile as Karla looks straight at you? This blue-eyed blonde suspects that her well-toned body and sweet ass will turn you on, and that you will love it as she uses her oral skills to drive a man (or men) crazy. By the time she takes cocks in both her mouth and her ultra tight pussy, Karla's orgasms are hard and unstoppable. Want to join in?  XOXO, Colette

When Caprice and Jillian start to play, you know this is going to be a gorgeously erotic shoot. And when Caprice invites Jillian to join her in sucking Marcello's cock, it is clear that this is very special. Hey guys: Wouldn't you love to be licking Caprice's wet pussy while Jillian is giving you a blow job? Naturally, Caprice soon is fucking her man cowgirl style, and then she coyly suggests that lovely Jillian wrap her own young, tight pussy around his throbbing dick. Marcello now knows he truly is The Luckiest Man Alive. The girls continue to make out and enjoy lesbian sex as they simultaneously take turns with Marcello's huge shaft inside of them. A true threesome for the ages. Caprice and Jillian cum so hard and so often that no one wanted it to end. Neither did I! XOXO, Colette 

"What a piece of work is woman... in action how like an angel... the beauty of the world...." -- William Shakespeare.  OK, so I am paraphrasing The Bard.   Sometimes, a photographer just has to let his lens and a stunning model express themselves.   Jessica is a sublimely beautiful and effortlessly sexual young woman.   Watch as she slips into something more comfortable -- her naked body -- and glories in being the young woman that she is.   Her eyes.  Her lips.   Her flat stomach and the curve of her beautiful back.   The perky breasts.   Those legs.  Her firm, sexy as hell ass.   The lips of her flowering pussy.   Will she touch herself?   Will she have an orgasm? Sometimes it doesn't matter.   We just want to watch.

Jessica is formulating a dark erotic fantasy in the back of her mind.Seeing her seated in a sleek silver luxury coupe exudes 'sex with class'.The car's smooth lines and Jessica's slender body fit like a glove. Jessica's mind floats off to a wicked place as she opens her dress and lets her hands wander.Her hard nipples, those killer legs and her wet pussy are something to behold. Jessica begins fingering her clit and finger fucking herself in a sexual reverie all her own.She imagines the warm blood pumping through her lovers' veins - and his raging hard cock.She's a Black Widow, waiting for the right moment ...

Today is your lucky day. The only thing better than introducing a new X-Art Girl is to introduce two on the same day. And not just any girls! Blue-eyed blonde Karla Kush and petite brunette Melissa Moore are into each other in the best way possible in their debut with us. Naturally, they are bisexual, and their big smiles in this shoot reveal how eagerly they want to explore each other's super fit bodies and how much they enjoy licking a tight young pussy. Getting each other off was easy; getting them to end the shoot was the hard part! XOXO, Colette

Brunette or redhead? If you are Caprice and Anny, the better question is, "Why do we have to choose"? These beautiful girls want it all. Imagine two gorgeous couples sipping champagne at Anny's home. Caprice and Marcello are over, and the conversation soon turns to giving pleasure and uninhibited sexual appetites. If you can't fuck your friends, who can you fuck? The guys' cocks start to get hard in their pants as Anny and Jean make out. Clothes quickly are shed and Caprice and Anny wrap their full lips around their man's shaft and compare techniques. What a turn-on to fuck with passion and watch your friends doing the same! Caprice and Anny naturally have to play with one another as well, and then they swap partners. And then they swap again. God, this feels so good as these super hot girls provide an orgasmic cornucopia. A "four-way" and, with you watching, in 4K!  XOXO, Colette

Lily gets ready to ride her horse, while her good friend Madi has a better idea! Madi pulls Lily's riding boots off, unbuttons her white cotton blouse, and pushes her back onto the bed.Madi wastes no time pulling her friend's pants right off, exposing a pair of light blue panties and Lily's gorgeous, athletic legs.The clothes come off and the girls touch their lips together in a gentle embrace. As Lily straddles her, Madi reaches her hands up to touch Lily's gorgeous, full breasts. The girls take turns making each other cum. The only thing missing is you!

A gorgeous blonde and beautiful brunette sneak away to their cabin in the woods for a weekend of wild sex. Before the boys arrive, Madi and Kenna get down to business. The Great Outdoors has never looked better!

The weather outside may be chilly, but things are really hot here at X-Art!Enjoy this stunning HD video featuring gorgeous new model Adria and her boyfriend -- exchanging holiday gifts, then pulling close for a seductive kiss.You can tell by watching that little Adria loves being fucked by her older, handsome stud!

Watch lovely Izzy's eye contact with her man as she slithers on the bed and begins to get naked.   Doesn't she look fabulous in those sexy black tights?   She wants to fuck, but not just a wham-bam tryst.  First, some foreplay as he licks her delicious pussy and she sucks cock for maximum pleasure.  Then, she mounts her lover and begins to do him face-to-face.  What a beautiful sight.  Then she rolls over on her tummy and he enters her for more intense fucking.   Notice how perfectly tight Izzy's ass is -- and her flat stomach, the lovely arch of the back, and those high cheekbones on that unforgettable face.  Listen and enjoy as Izzy has even more orgasms missionary style.   It's getting hot in her -- I mean, here!  XOXO, Colette 

If you were at the office, what would you prefer to find on your desk?   A stack of papers and memos?   Or the incredibly beautiful, sexually irresistible Jessica?    The girl with the absolutely flawless body and that unforgettable face shows you how to fuck your boss with style.  In real life, Jessica and Calvin love to fuck whenever and wherever they can.   And they jumped at the chance to recreate the "boss and secretary" sex scene for you -- X-Art style.  Jessica's pussy was wet in anticipation, and I know that her cock sucking skills left everybody on the set gasping.   Jessica clearly loves "working under" Calvin -- and on top as well.  Her orgasms are real and hard, and this couple's passion when his cock entered her from behind and then missionary style on the desk left no doubt what was to cum.   I plan to watch this scene over and over! Want to join me?  XOXO, Colette

Celebrate the Holidays X-Art Style - starting with this suspenseful erotic thriller ~ Black Widow. Red roses and a bottle of wine serve as a prelude to a passionate lovemaking session featuring gorgeous brunette Jessica and her well-hung stallion, Calvin. After an amazing blowjob, Calvin pushes his bulging cock into her aching wet pussy. You can see the juices flowing as she takes him all the way. We don't want to spoil it... but there's a surprising conclusion!

Colette and I used to have threesomes with one of her brunette girlfriends from time to time. I always thought how lucky I was, and how incredible it was to enjoy the sight of a beautiful blonde and a brunette together. This set reminds me of those times. I hope as you view this video, you'll close your eyes for a moment and imagine you are there... Everyone should be so lucky at least once in their life. This is what heaven looks like! ~ Brig

The "fuck me now" look that these two beauties gave each other told Brig and I that we were in for a real treat. I swear -- everybody wanted to be on that set! Not that Blake and Caprice would have minded. They are so into each other that the kissing, licking and sucking of their gorgeous wet pussies and the passionate finger-fucking put these girls in their own sexual world. Cum to think of it -- Caprice's new husband Marcus was on set and paying very close attention. I wonder what he has in mind? Hee hee. XOXO Colette (P.S. Caprice can make anyone cum. She is very talented). Wait and see in the coming up sex scene and group sex scenes featuring our favorite Czech beauty!

Start your New Year off right... with your dick buried balls deep in our gorgeous Supermodel of Sex - Caprice.Or, if you're a girl - imagine you're her, getting filled up with cock.Either way, this update is what X-Art is all about. The fantasy is real... and its yours for the taking!Get your New Year off to a *bang* - and a pop! and... woosh... here we go!

New X-Art Girl Ria Sun brightens any room she enters -- especially when a lucky guy gets to enter her! This European blonde babe with the delicate features and killer body likes to be blind-folded during sexy foreplay.She loves the sensation of her partner's tongue on her full lips down there, the pleasure of being finger-fucked, a blind blow job, and the feel of a large cock inside her young pussy when she is soaking, dripping wet.And, yes, Ria also likes to be eyes open when she rides a cock to hot orgasms.  Look for her expression of erotic bliss in the mirror as things get hot and heavy.Is this girl in fucking heaven or what? I bet you also would love to join Ria for some sweet fucking sensations!   XOXO, Colette

This is Lily Ivy's first-ever time having sex on camera. It is raw. It is real. These are real people, not professional porn performers. It is not perfect. It was shot in one take. Join these two lovers as they explore their exhibitionist fantasies for all of us to watch and take pleasure in. You are the very first in the world to see this beautiful young woman sharing her uncensored sexuality on film. Enjoy the beauty of the hot, authentic moments!

Newcomer Naomi Woods rocks with with her long blonde locks and bright blue eyes. Beautiful cutie Kenna James is dressed in pink lingerie, but not for long. As the girls' lips meet in a passionate kiss, they can't help but undress themselves!Naomi's kiss makes Kenna's pussy crave more love. Kenna climbs atop her sweet friend's face and hovers just above, brushing her pussy back and forth across Naomi's moist lips.Kenna then gets her girlfriend down on all fours, with her ass pointed towards the sky. This gives her unlimited access to Naomi's gorgeous pussy and ass... she warms her up with one finger, then pushes another finger in. All the way in!Sit back, relax and enjoy as these two beauties get each other off while you watch!

Count your blessings! Caprice has given us all a wonderful Holiday treat!She is the sexiest Santa we've ever seen. How lucky we are, that she wanted to take off all her clothes just for us on Christmas morning, and to share her uninhibited sexual nature.The best thing about watching Caprice make herself cum? You know she loves the fact that you're watching her beautiful body... and the orgasms are always the real deal. Say goodnight to the family, it's time to unwind!

Prsenting an elegant, beautiful gallery of Tiny Seductress Piper Perri, in X-Art style. Bathed in golden light, Piper seduces the camera as she imagines you watching her undress. She always gets aroused by voyeurism - she loves to have an audience to share her overt sexual nature. Enjoy! 

Get ready for some mind-blowing, wild & kinky fucking! James Deen doesn't hold back on little Aubrey, serving up an intoxicating cocktail of pleasure and pain that takes her to the edge... and beyond! Her orgasms are real, her hips are shaking, her mouth is open. Fifty Shades of Grey has nothing on us! Enjoy this edgy, ground-breaking short film, the second in our 'Domination' series. CAUTION: Rough Sex and Massive Orgasms ahead! Not for the faint of heart!

Brunette beauty Madi Meadows is a bright, gorgeous, super-sexual starlet who made a major impression on us during her first erotic photoshoot and video. Her beauty is reminiscent of a fashion model, but she's totally unhibited and eager to please. Enjoy this sexy HD video!

Hot brunette Marley is still in bed sleeping when Michael Vegas comes home. He's carrying a gift for her. She unwraps the package and to find some beautiful lingerie. Now that's a good way to get your girl in the mood. But before she has a chance to try it on, she gives him a passionate kiss and they embrace. Moments later she has his cock down her throat, giving him the best blowjob of his life. It's not long before she's riding on top of him, burying his cock deep inside her pussy. Download and enjoy this action-packed HD video! xoxo Colette

When beautiful strawberry blonde Chrissy Fox curls up by the fire with her hot boyfriend, the sparks between them fly.It's their 6 month anniversary, and she is more than ready for the romantic massage he's offered. He pours oil over her smooth skin, making her glisten and glow.As he massages her ass, her cheeks spread, revealing a glimpse of her perfect pussy. Soon, his cock is rock hard.The lovers embrace, she pulls his cock inside of her. Their bodies shudder as they come together. What a way to spend a winter night!

The HD video! Beautiful brunette Caprice is dressed-up for a night on the town in a black silk designer gown. Sitting inside her luxury car, Caprice tires of waiting for her lover Marcello to fetch her purse. She lifts her dress high to give her hands access to her inner thighs and pussy - but just then she hears Marcello approaching the car. She covers up quickly. As he climbs into the driver's seat, Caprice gives him a little unexpected slap across his face, his punishment for making his Lady wait. She takes control, grabs his head and kisses him passionately. Leaning in, her dress hikes up over her hips revealing her perfect pussy. His cock stands at attention as she unzips his pants . After several minutes of a mind-bending blowjob, Caprice climbs atop Marcello, straddling him as he plunges his cock inside her. You can see the pink folds of her pussy, forced open with each stroke as he fucks her deeply. Two lovers turn an ordinary night on the town into an awesome opportunity to fuck! Produced and directed by Brigham

Aubrey stars as a seductive secretary who works for a handsome, wealthy young businessman (James Deen). One morning, Aubrey prepares espresso and a cigar for her boss and delivers it to him in his office. As usual, he is so entrenched in work (or looking at X-Art on his computer?) that he barely notices her. When he leaves to drive to a meeting, Aubrey sneaks into his office and 'accidentally' wakes up his laptop computer.She discovers his profile page on X-Art Community, where he posts some very hot bondage photos from his sexual exploits with other women. Instantly, Aubrey is consumed by a kinky fantasy that plays out in her mind. What would happen if he caught her snooping on his computer?She feels like she deserves a little punishment - and a lot of pleasure - from her domineering boss.This is Part 1 of the 'Domination' movie, directed and produced by Colette and Brigham.Stay tuned for Part 2 (now live on X-Art!).Colette and I really hope you'll all enjoy this cinematic sexual escapade.You will definitely want to download and save this HD video, to add to your private and permanent collection of Premium Quality Erotica!

Let the fun begin! It's a spooky Halloween fuck fest, X-Art style! Tiny Piper Perri and her blonde buddy, Naomi Woods, head to their 'Cabin in the Woods' - to party for the weekend! There's a knock on the door... a weird Russian dude with a massive bong (and a pretty massive shlong) asks them if they want to smoke. Rejected, he returns a moment later and proposes to have sex instead. Possessed by the spirit of good fun, the girls agree and before he can say another word, he's plunging his cock deep inside two perfectly gorgeous blonde pussies. Hope you have a happy Halloween - and that you all enjoy the pure carnal delights offered in this video. @brighamxart will post a fun and spooky surprise ending to this video on his X-Art Community page later today... 

HD Video: Sometimes a photographer has to think long about how to creatively shoot beautiful erotica and capture that perfect shoot. Not this time. The incredible Caprice and new X-Art Girl Lily Ivy were in the pool -- naked, of course -- and it was clear to me that they wanted each other. And this was going to be Lily's first lesbian sex! Well, when you have that sexually combustible action waiting to happen -- and two girls as gorgeous as Caprice and Lily -- one just grabs his camera and wades in. What happened next is FM -- fucking magic. And the girls had such hard orgasms. Come on in and enjoy. I did! — Brigham

HD Video: Blonde, blue-eyed Bailey Rayne has been teasing and tormenting thousands of you with her X-Art community posts. Well, today you just got lucky! In her first shoot for Brig, this stunning babe goes from her naughty black negligee to bare naked without missing a beat. This new Colette Girl just loves to enjoy her sexuality while you watch. In fact, she couldn't resist a few selfies during the shoot -- and that heated up the set even more. Not that she is stuck up. Just the opposite -- Bailey is warm, adventuresome, and has a wickedly delightful sense of humor. And don't let her glamour model looks fool you. This girl just loves to fuck if the right person catches her eye. Drop your pants or panties and cum along with this irresistible girl. You will be wanting more of her -- Rayne or shine.

HD Video: Want to get hot and bothered (in a good way)?   Imagine you are Michael when two of the hottest foxy ladies anywhere -- Aubrey and Alex -- decide to fuck you.    If this is not heaven for guys, it will do!  And yes, the girls still somehow managed to have a great time with each other when they were not busy riding a cock.  Scintillating sex -- or skin-tillating!   When lovely Alex started licking cum off Aubrey's perfect ass, the whole crew went crazy!    Me too.  Don't miss this one.   Love, Colette

Mr. X finally gets his wish to fuck little Caprice! Who hasn't had that dream? To swing with one of the hottest couples in the world and add stunning lithe yet large breasted, beauty Samantha. They all finger Caprice until she cums and then take turns licking, fucking and sucking until everyone explodes on the bed. This is a four way you don't want to miss. You may think two is enough, but you're wrong. xoxo Colette (& Franzi)

HD Video: If you aren't already head over heels in love with the famous and beautiful Little Caprice, you will be after seeing what's to come! She and her new husband Markus (aka Marcello Bravo) are vacationing in the U.S. and soaking up some California sun! We get a special sneak peek into the newlyweds' first of many honeymoon love fests. Who wouldn't want this gorgeous girl as your own? Even for one night! ;-) Love, Colette (And P.S. she and her new husband are swingers so you just might get lucky....)

HD Video: Wait until you see Kacy Lane get naked in her first X-Art solo shoot!  Gorgeous girl, killer legs, great ass, and a tight pussy that is ready for some action. Who wouldn't want to be in this Lane? When Kacy spreads her pussy and begins to finger fuck herself, imagine yourself joining her for an orgasmic afternoon by the ocean beach that goes on forever.  As The Eagles might say, prepare yourself for a real erotic treat -- "life in the fast lane" with Kacy!  XOXO, Colette

Redhead beauty Anny jumps out of bed, puts her headphones on and starts to dance. Her tall, dark and handsome lover emerges from the steamy shower and they kiss. He wisks her off her feet and sets her down on the bed. The kiss and Anny's puffy nipples are all it took to get him hard as a rock. His ridiculously massive cock is truly a bit more than she can handle! Beautiful and erotic! Enjoy!

HD Video: You heard me...puffy nipple lovers! This brunette cutie will capture your attention with her gorgeous blue eyes and perky, subtle breasts (and perfect, puffy nipples)...then she'll win your heart like she does Van Wylde's -- sweetly and delicately to start, then wet and wild to finish. How else would you like it? There's plenty of sparks between these two to go all day and night. But let's start with some puffy nipples and see where it goes ;-)

HD Video: Danielle is feeling flirty and decides to take things into her own hands in the bedroom. Since Isiah can't resist beautiful blondes, he's quick to take the hint and rise to the occasion. A simple paper airplane message leads to a playful romp on this hot summer day. Maybe you'll opt to stay indoors and have some fun for yourself too?

HD Video: Someone definitely is hot in the kitchen! And, guys, how do you spell "instant erection"? Susie and her boyfriend Steven are back and HOTTER than ever! This stunning blonde can tease a man to death with the best of them, but what a way to go! Her jaw-dropping good looks, tanned and tight body, tempting lips, and sexual playfulness are here for your total enjoyment. And when the kitchen capers turn to a fucking frolic, you will not be able to resist her. Whatever Susie wants, Susie gets! Sounds like heaven to me.

HD Video: Alexis is one of the most beautiful and sexy models we have ever had the pleasure of shooting! 8 years later when X-Art is practically a household name she shows back up on our doorstep ready to bare all for Brig's camera. Look at the gorgeous 18 year old and now compare her to the even more beautiful 27 year old woman that she has become. Who wants more Alexis. Say" I"...I LOVE her! xoxo ~ Colette P>S. Imagine she was fuckin you like that, she can and she will maybe, just maybe give yoyu a surprise...

HD Video: So who wants to capture the last few days of summer outside and fucking Sara's light litttle gymnast's body? Ok, don't all jump to answer at once. Who would like to have this be your cock about to go into her ever so cute and ever so skilled at deep-throating smiling mouth??? Yes, yes I hear you. Well this is just a little taste of what's to cum when you get to have a "fucking picnic" with X-Art cutie Sara. Reverse cowgirl anyone? She loves it when you look at her tight ass. I bet the only thing you will have an appetite for is HER. Have fun, pack light. xoxo Colette

HD Video: It always is very exciting and erotically intense when a new X-Art Girl decides to fuck a lucky guy as we watch. With Chrissy Fox, anticipation on the set was high. After all, the strawberry blonde babe with the fabulous curves is so damn cute and exudes sexuality. And about the time she was gently sucking Jake's cock as he licked her pussy -- god, I love 69! -- we all realized that this was something special. Watch as Chrissy takes him deep inside her dripping wet pussy -- and total passion takes over.  Multiple orgasms are the best! Ready for some fabulous, freckle-faced fucking? You will love it.

HD Video: Kylie has had a crush on Michael for a while. And she finally gets to act on it the X-Art way. Watch as he makes her cum with his mouth and then she sucks his cock until he can't see straight. Then she climbs on and goes for the ride of her life! Kylie keep cumming, keep cumming! If you like absolutely adorable spinners with an appetite for sex a hundred times her size (and a man who knows how to please), this one is for you! xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: If you haven't been introduced yet to the next addition in our blonde arsenal - Miss Kennedy - then you must meet her intimately now. This sweet little thing is a tiny package with a HUGE sex drive. And she's just warming up...first showing you every gorgeous angle of her tight body, then giving you a closer look at her sweet pussy as it clenches her fingers, moving rhythmically in and out of her wetness. Her orgasmic finish will leave you wanting much much more of this girl. Trust me...

HD Video: Isn't Kacy Lane irresistible? She is the very definition of joyful sexual temptation for any man or woman. Colette.com fans love her so much that we invited this petite beauty to walk on the romantic side at X-Art in a brand new shoot with Tyler. Talk about fucking hot! I love the affectionate and playful foreplay in the pool -- they really love being together -- as well as the more passionate sex once they moved inside. Way inside! Kacy likes it deep and wet (we are talking about bedroom action now, not the pool!) and ultra orgasmic. With that captivating smile; those brown eyes; and that athletic, tight body, I want to watch Kacy cum again and again on Lovers' Lane. Don't you? XXOO, Colette

HD Video: What is it about Czech girls? X-Art fans love them, and probably no one more than the luscious, incredibly gorgeous Izzy. What a beauty -- and she gets so turned on knowing that you love to watch her fuck in romantic settings. Some of you like outdoor scenes. Done! (I told you that we are here to meet all of your sexual desires). Lucky for you, Izzy is very athletic, and a hike in the woods -- doesn't she kill you in those short jeans? -- just increases her desire to pitch a tent, become one with nature, and suck and fuck Jake until you cum along with them. Trust me -- you will! I cannot get enough of this stunning blonde as she takes it from behind and enjoys multiple orgasms. And this piece of erotic female perfection is smart and funny as well! XOXO, Colette

HD Video: Ever notice that stunning blonde looking at you when you go to the X-Art sign-in page? Of course you do! (Talk about a cumming attraction). Well, you are admiring Czech beauty Pam, who definitely loves fucking other beautiful women. Turns out brunette, bisexual Teal -- one of our most popular X-Art models judging from your comments -- has the sexual combustibility and passion to be a perfect match. I swear, these countrywomen love to fuck for fun before our cameras, but the inescapable, strong attraction between these two made the orgasms come fast and hard! I think that they forgot we were there as it got hotter. Made for (and by) each other!

HD Video: Who wouldn't "luvv" to make love to our newest X-Art model forever? Sara Luvv has the sound -- and the beauty -- of the kind of girl that is perfect for X-Art. Stunning, playful, and a young woman who loves to fuck for your viewing pleasure! Not to mention her partner in this devilishly erotic debut shoot.  Not every fashion model can have real, hard orgasms in her first time before our cameras. Sara can!  She loves every moment -- and Sara is a pleasure on and off the set. Raise your hand (if one is free!) as you watch her do Michael Vegas. Want to see more of her? Hee hee. I hear the voting returns already cumming. XX00, Colette

HD Video: Chad comes home to Alexa playing with herself on the couch - and immediately gets turned on (of course). She had a feeling he would be back around this time, so it wasn't a total accident. She lets Chad finish what she started, as his erection grows exponentially along with her enjoyment. Alexa gets down to business and gives her man a ride of a lifetime. Want to experience an erotic encounter? These two had no regrets ;-)

HD Video: X-Art and Colette.com exclusive teen hottie Aubrey has been bound by many things - rope, shackles, handcuffs, silk ties...and this time she's bound by desire. Desire for another lustful sex session with her newest crush Tyler. The chemistry is always hot with these two but this time a little kinkiness added to the passion makes for SUPER HOT sex. Cum see what I mean...

HD Video: Want to create some sweet morning memories with two of the sweetest and HOTTEST girls you'll ever meet?Well you're in the wrong place. There is nothing sweet about this scene. It is simply the hottest video you will ever see with a threesome containing X-Art exclusive model Alex Grey and little latina legend Veronica Rodriguez!Make sure you have your heart monitor on. This group will have you on your knees begging for more! xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Summer is the perfect time to take X-Art out of the bedroom and into the beautiful outdoors! That's a key part of our mission for our recent and upcoming productions. We have trips planned to island locations and exciting beach spots in Europe. You're going to love it. To get the ball rolling, we chose Unicorn Ranch for this shoot. Did you know that we operate a 200 acre horse ranch? Colette loves to ride horses. It's her passion. This time around, we flew Aubrey and a new model, Angel Smalls, out to the ranch via helicopter with my camera and a very small crew. We all had a blast, and the vibe was authentically HOT when the two girls started to make out. OMG - I wish you could have been there with us. Saddle up and come on in! Enjoy ~ Brigham

HD Video: Since they first met on set a few weeks ago, Alex and Tyler have had a crush on each other. Tyler is a pro-am surfer and surf instructor in real life, and Alex is a gorgeous model who wanted to "get to know" Tyler a little more. Naturally, Tyler said yes in about one second. The result is a gorgeous, romantic, fuck frolic that is truly X-Art style. Notice how beautiful Alex is as she teasingly slips out of her clothes and then seduces her man in the best way possible? Tyler decides that the surf can wait, and indulges in the beauty in his bed. This scene is so hot that our blonde princess just could not stop cumming! In fact, these two lovers have been inseparable (in real life) ever since the shoot. Cum catch the fever - it's contagious in Cali!

HD Video: How many artists have covered the song, "Wildflower?" I love the lyric, "She's a free and gentle flower growing wild." How better to describe our insanely gorgeous Alex Grey?  When Van Wylde and she started to lovingly kiss and touch one another in the garden, it quickly became clear that we were watching an unstoppable, intense sexual passion develop that would make this day something special. How many guys would love to look into those spellbinding eyes as Alex smiles and slowly sucks your cock? How many of you — guys or girls -- would give anything to spread our beauty's labial flowers and taste her wet, tight teenage pussy? When Alex takes Van for the ride of his life and then explodes in hot, orgasmic bliss as he pushes deep inside her, you will get off with these two. Trust me! Tenderness can become wild -- and sexy!

HD Video: Are you man enough to handle the super-eroticism of little Riley Reid? She's a handful (in the best way EVER) and has already proven she can handle two or even three men at once, so we'd never doubt her abilities. You (man or woman) on the other hand better get rock hard (or wet) and ready for this impressive cock eater. It's only a start for her and many other gorgeous models who are shooting some majorly hot stuff for X-Art AS WE SPEAK! Cum join the fun...

HD Video: Two gorgeous young girls have a naughty idea to get each other wet...and then even wetter (is that a word?) while loving on each other's beautiful bodies and having my favorite kind of fun. Who else has a water-related fantasy? You can see by the way that Kenna and Alex exchange glances and flirty sexual energy that they're about to ignite something incredible. They won't let you down, I promise. They're dangerous when wet!

HD Video: Kassondra is as hot as the summer day is long. This fiery redhead makes her debut at X-Art with her favorite stud Damon. She takes no prisoners when embarking on a orgasmic mission. First with a little tease and a sexy show, then all out screaming while Damon impresses her with his oral skills. She thanks him by bending over the arm of the couch and taking his cock nice and deep. These two are HOT together, you'll see. So go...catch the sun before it's gone!

HD Video: What do you call three hot three blondes who are getting it on (and getting each other off)? We call it a triple play! And the only way to turn this group sex scene into a home run is for you to join in. So what are you waiting for? They're slippery wet and in a VERY playful mood. The toughest part is going to be where to start and where to finish. Cum experience this sexy triple play!

HD Video: I dare any chess player (or sexual being) to duel with our ultra-sexy, French erotic model Tiffany Doll. What you'll quickly learn is that she has some very clever moves, like unbuttoning her top, revealing her cleavage and biting her lip...all while freely moving each piece and imagining the man across from her inside of her.We all know there's two winners where these two are headed, so it's a no brainer that one of them will surrender to seduction. Who will it be? Either way, Tiffany is taking it in her pussy and ass and both are exploding in pleasure. Ready to surrender? I am!

HD Video: It's what we've all been waiting for...beautiful Alex Grey has her first boy-girl sex scene EVER AND ONLY for X-Art will you see her! How often do you get to experience sexual bliss with a girl that looks like a supermodel? If you want a taste of what's to cum, take a peek at these super hot pics. And this just kicks off our next round of incredible content and new hot models. I am personally attached to this video and set of photos. Alex you look stunning, you are perfect! And I hope everyone lets this gorgeous girl know how thankful we are that she shares her body and insatiable sexuality with us! XOXO Love, Colette P.S. Come inside and you can tell her yourself ;-)

HD Video: Maddy Rose is a tiny girl with a super-sized sex drive, of which you will witness in this scene when she gets filled up by her sexy hunk Van Wylde. Her gymnast figure stretches to the limit in more ways than one (and in some of her favorite positions!). She'll blow your cock then blow your mind. Lets just call this one "Maddy Me Crazy!"

HD Video: Newest Czech beauty Dina wants to show Jake her many skills - including some deep relaxation techniques and seduction methods (or maybe the second skill just happens as she gets super wet and turned on while straddling him on the bed). Just as her clothing begins coming off, Izzy walks into the room. For those few seconds of surprise, all you can do is hope she wants to join in, right? Let's just say the threesome was HOT and the orgasms speak for themselves... 

HD Video: We give Lisa the chance to explore (with her husband) some of her deepest sexual desires. He binds her hands while he makes her cum with his mouth, fingers and then a big white dildo. He teases with ice and ropes and she pleases him with crotchless panties and high heels. They also explore her ass for the first time. This tall fashion model gone erotic beauty has brought us along for the ride of her sexual awakening at X-Art. She is also one of the nicest people I've ever met, which makes her that much hotter. So sweet and so sexual. If you met Lisa, you would probably fall over in love. If you got inside her playroom, you might not be able to do much more than stare at the venus in front of you! Lucky for everyone she is willing to share here. Cum inside. xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Aubrey Star has her second time with new real life crush - Cali surfer boy, Tyler...and we get a sneak peek into their beach house romp. The energy is mystical and the lighting just beautiful. I can't think of a better way to spend my day than join this bohemian beauty in pure ecstasy. Who agrees? Aubrey is HOT and wet and hippie chic! Enjoy.

First and foremost I want to wish our beautiful blonde leader and creative genius Colette an incredible birthday today! She is so much to so many people - she really is an Angel (maybe a unicorn angel ;-). Cheers to many blessings and beautiful erotica in the year ahead! We love you C <3HD Video: The time has cum for our little angel Alex Grey to have her orgasmic X-Art debut here in HD, for your viewing pleasure. This little hottie rhythmically and beautifully treats herself to a five-star finger fucking. Your mouth will water and body will ache to see more of this gorgeous girl...and you will very soon! For now, enjoy the Memorial Holiday and the angel dust this beauty leaves behind. It tastes so so sweet.

HD Video: Ready to stimulate your sexual senses? Step inside the wonderful world of X-Art and capture another first time for one of our gorgeous models, Alex Grey, as she celebrates Aubrey's birthday by having her first lesbian experience with the teen cutie. These girls are both passionate and fun, so the chemistry was beautiful and plentiful! And they fuck each other with a cool silver birthday toy...which is exciting and SUPER orgasmic for both. Cum see...you'll fucking love it!

HD Video: When Addison meets Michael Vegas, what happens is a beautiful collision of lustful romance and erotic naughtiness. She's feeling light and beautiful (and horny and wet) and ready to rendezvous. This beauty loves reverse cowgirl and deeeeeep penetration...and a lot of other hot stuff too. Want to fly with her? This set soars high above the air, and is sure to be awesomely arousing.

HD Video: I know you love me, but today I want you to WANT me. And I'm going to get nice and wet and moan and fuck myself, then cum all over the bed...just in case you happen to walk in and see me lying here in orgasmic bliss. Will that turn you on? I hope it makes you HOT and hard for me, then I hope you join me for round two. Interested? Oh and by the way, blondes do have the most fun, and I'm officially naming this "Blonde Week" at X-Art! xoxo Colette P.S. I can't get enough of Kenna, Aubrey or Alex!!!

HD Video: As Dina enters the room wearing stilettos and lingerie, it's obvious she only has one thing in mind. Jake on the other hand, wants to first capture her gorgeous body and doll-like face, so he starts snapping pictures of her. She smiles and flirts while persistently crawling across the bed toward him. The real fun begins when Dina pulls her panties aside for Jake to get a closer look, and finally he ditches the camera (as anyone would!) and captures her the way she's been wanting. Come and get it! xoxo Colette

HD Video: Can we really ever get enough of Tiffany? Personally I can't stop staring at this stunning couple. They stayed at our house during the shoots this week and every day we all got up at 6am to drive to a county where we can shoot our kind of work in peace. But after we all the arrived at the house, the energy quickly became hot and sweet. Tiffany and Brandon have just gotten back together after a short break-up so they were really hot for each other and (lucky for us) saved it for our cameras! Watch these Super Models having sex one more time...xo Colette

HD Video: Aubrey and Shyla are about to head out to the disco - or at least their bottom half says that. Their top half is bare (as it should be) which may suggest they will be staying in. Lucky for us, their plans change and we get to see the love fest between these two bisexual beauties. They're hot and horny and want you to watch. So sit back, relax and enjoy the ultra-wet retro romp. xoxo Colette

HD Video: Join me in welcoming our young little czech model Dina to the wonderful world of X-Art! In this set, she looks like a gorgeous little China girl doll, don't you think? Her ivory skin and jet black hair are complementary to her deep, dark eyes and young wet pussy. Even before this solo scene was completed, she had already asked us if she could do a boy-girl or group scene...so of course we said YES! Enjoy this beauty alone now, as you're about to see her get even naughtier very soon.

HD Video: As Cyndi Lauper would say, "Girls just want to have fun"...and that's precisely what Aubrey and new hottie Kennedy are mastering in the bedroom today - extreme fucking fun :-) The girls' beautifying turns naughty (I'm talking mouth-watering pussy play) leading to some INTENSE orgasms. The passion is real and the fun has just begun...so what are you waiting for?

When you get lucky enough to have a night with a girl as stunning as Arianna it would be normal for you to want to memorialize her perfection in photos. Especially if you are am amateur photographer like Michael (or maybe's he's a pro, not sure). But it was one of those nights that pictures or not, one will never forget! Especially her bedroom eyes with her mascara running down her face. An animalistic and loving night that will forever edge a hitch onto their bedposts and will make you cum back again and again in your dreams and if you are lucky in real life too. So, no need to take photos here, we have them...but first watch what happened. Only on X-Art and it is REALLY HOT!

HD Video: Stefanie and Pam fans, get ready to wet yourself. These gorgeous girls are relaxing in sexy lingerie in their glamorous bedroom. Want a peek into their beautifully-captured pleasure fest? How about a front row seat?...you got it, in HD and only here for your viewing pleasure. If you like girl on girl (and seriously who doesn't?) it just doesn't get ANY better than this, so cum all over this one and yourself, they want it...it's part II and it's HOT! xoxo Colette

HD Video: Don't you wish you had exclusive access to see what REALLY goes on in the reality show fantasy suite? Well now you do! Aubrey and Tyler are oozing with feelings for one another and it's obvious that there's real sparks! Aubrey feels sexier than ever, and can't wait to show this surfer guy how tight yet flexible she is. As he fills her up, she falls deeper and deeper in lustful bliss. I just love these two together! Cum with me into the fantasy suite.. This is so real and so HOT you will be cumming in your pants man or woman (I promise).

HD Video: Pam and Stefanie are gorgeous as ever - just relaxing in sexy lingerie in their glamorous bedroom. Want a peek into this beautifully captured love fest? How about a front row seat?...you got it, in HD and only here for your viewing pleasure. This part one masturbation scene becomes a super HOT lesbian scene in a matter of minutes. Ready to go all the way?

HD Video: Arianna and Xander meet at a mutual friend's party and quickly take their flirting to fucking when they slip away to the guest house and slip out of their clothing. This mid-afternoon romp is beautifully erotic, especially when our brunette babe takes Xander's thick cock so deep in her tight, wet pussy. The energy between these two is electric, and the sex is HOT. You'll want to seize the moment too when you take a peek into this lovefest.

HD Video: What would you rather be doing on a weekend afternoon than spending it naked in bed with a beautiful blonde like Katia? And we are calling her a slut all in good fun (because admit it, don't you like when your man calls you a slut or talks a litttle dirty?) Maybe he can try reading a book like Matthew, but it literally only takes Katia (the slutty one, just kidding again of course) two seconds to distract him in the best way possible, simply shifting attention onto her (and the growing member in his pants). Give yourself a weekend break and let these two show you how to make it extra sexy and slutty! Or even try it on Monday. Sluttiness does not need to be reserved for the weekend. Worth the membership for this one! xoxo Colette

HD Video: Escape to Prague and have a blast experiencing all kinds of sex - lesbian sex, couples sex, group sex - as Daphne introduces our new blondie Katia to X-Art. Matthew watches these hotties fuck each other as he grows in anticipation. Ready to join in on some HOT group sex? The time has come for part two of the much-anticipated threesome. It's super-orgasmic! Love, Colette

HD Video: Isn't it awesome when you get with a girl and it is so obvious that you are both crazy about each other. The first time is hot, but the second time when you know a little more about each other's bodies it can be EVEN better. Now we know Jake and Kaylee have had their fair share of hot romps, but I know for a fact that Jake was waiting for a few years to get Kaylee and she was taken and practically a virgin when she came to us at X-Art. Now still only at X-Art and with her hot new guy you can see this tiger is back and she just keeps cumming! We suggest you do the same :-)

HD Video: Lisa and Max are the hottest couple I know, and what's really cool is that their sex life is exactly as it looks -- fun, flirty, naughty...and also deeply romantic. I seem to think this balance (in sex and in life) is what makes us the happiest. So cum into this couple's bedroom where they give each other a whole lot of pleasure. And if you like oral sex, 69-ing, or giving it to a HOT ASS girl like Lisa from behind (watching and grabbing her ass as it moves so rhythmically), this one is a must see!

HD Video: This video is just as hot as the photo set, but a little different since Aubrey was all anal'd out after her "Tight Ass Teen" scene with James Deen. So we let these two take the lead and we followed in delight. Exclusive cutie Aubrey starts by jumping on the trampoline and then Mick Blue helps her stretch in more ways than one. This is HOT (even without the anal) because her tight pink pussy is showstopping alone. And CONGRATULATIONS to jdhamp09 for winning our second title contest! Now cum get some of this little play thing... (P.S. This video had been meant for Colette.com, so it might be a little harder). If you don't feel comfortable watching it, then that's ok. More coming your way! And we are shooting Tiffany this weekend + two new models! xoxo Colette

HD Video: What else could you say if you had the chance to wake up to that gorgeous freckled face and stunning green eyes? And then she crawls across the bed and gets on her knees, spreading her pink pussy in contrast to her tan skin and long legs while she begs you to fuck her. Uhh, yep I would at least say Good Morning. Isn't it funny how some women get more beautiful as they get older? This has definitely happened with Tiffany. She was always pretty, but when she was 18 years old she was cuter and now she is a jaw-dropping, raven-haired beauty to rival the Giselle's of the world. So welcome back Tiffany. She is in the mood for love and so will you be after you watch this... xoxo Colette

Who doesn't love a playful and wet (and HOT and horny) Veronica in their life? This petite little sex machine is giving you some much needed attention, first by showing you why she is drool worthy, then giving herself an earth-shattering orgasm. Her tight body has the perfect curves (and did I mention her perky breasts and delicious ass?) The way she begs you to fuck her with her eyes will do more than capture your attention. Happy Easter from Veronica, Colette, Franziska, Aubrey, Jenna, Caprice and Mila K! We love you! Please join us to celebrate ;-) xoxo

HD Video: Miu and Kaylee had a fight last night, but thankfully are making up in the best way ever possible today - with some passionate and VERY pleasurable lesbian sex. Cum see what I mean as you take some lessons from their oral and finger-fucking skills. Want a chance with one of these hot girls? Maybe next time...

HD Video: Escape to Prague and have a blast experiencing all kinds of sex - lesbian sex, couples sex, group sex - as Daphne introduces our new blondie Katia to X-Art. Matthew watches these hotties fuck each other as he grows in anticipation. Ready to join in on some HOT group sex? Take a trip to pleasure land - it's orgasmic! My homeland on my mother's side and home to X-Art Europe - we'll be there soon! But you can join me and be there today. Cum inside part one of this two part scene. Love, Colette

HD Video: I don't know what it is (not to say James isn't a phenomonal lover and easy on the eyes) but all the girls seem to fall in love with him. So after Aubrey's awesome feature film (think Fifty Shades coming soon) We asked our exclusive, classy and cute, resident nympho what was next on her erotica bucket list? And she said Anal (with James Deen). So that's exactly what she's giving you today ~ her tight, teen ass (untouchd by a man or woman before this day). And With Mr. Deen's help (she truly enjoys his massive cock), while probably becoming that much more infatuated with him. Our pretty baby is filled up and stretched to the limit. And guess what...she LOVED it! Aubrey is a star, in more ways than one. There is some TMZ drama surrounding this scene, but both models seeemed to enjoy every minute. And you will too. This scene alone is worth the price of 1000 memberships in my opinion. So get ready to cum HARD. Love, Colette

HD Video: We're always in season when it comes to blooming erotic beauties - like our gorgeous blonde bombshell Summer! She's hotter than ever and giving us some much desired one-on-one time today. With so many incredible ASSets, it's hard to say what I enjoy most about this goddess. What turns you on most about her? I'll let you think about it, but don't take too long to accept this sultry invitation. It's our favorite season wrapped into a hot and horny package...it's Summer time!

Thank you all for the wonderful title ideas in our "Name This Scene" contest! There were so many great titles, and it was a tough decision, so we decided to award our top THREE with year long memberships to both X-Art & Colette.com!1st place - "UnBREElievable" by Mungoman452nd place - "To Bree or Not To Bree" by DoMeColette3rd place - "Late For Work - Again!" by socket15.We look forwrd to more interactive opportunities with a brand new X-Art interface coming soon! And now on to the "unBREElievable" HD video!

HD Video: You know when you meet someone that you're instantly drawn to and can't help but lust for them until the time comes when you both give in and it's just AMAZING sex...well that's what happens here with Daphne and Jake. They met long before their first time together, but it made for that much more enjoyment once they could finally taste and feel and fuck one another. Our newest brunette beauty is only getting started, so wel-cum her appropriately :-)

HD Video: How is it that Veronica (I ADORE HER) can bring so much pleasure to anyone she embraces? I think I might be able to shed some light on this erotic phenomenon. It's simple, really...she's hot as hell and passionate with everything (and everyone) she does! And what's better fuel for life than doing what you love and loving what you do? This stunning Latina is the definition of sugar and spice with a lot of fire in her, and she's ready to ignite a passion within you! I promise it will be beyond a worthy use of your time to watch this couple ignite! Watch out because you could just explode...xoxo Colette

HD Video: Our exclusive model Aubrey is rev’d up and ready to go again - but today she's begging to be filled up by BOTH Alex and Xander. If you’ve seen her little pussy and their big cocks, you know she must love sex that pushes the limits. And we do too, especially when it leads to pleasure (for all three in this case!) Ready to get hot and plunge deep inside this beauty? You may have to take your turn, but I guarantee it will be twice the fun.

HD Video: There is no question that Ashley is ON FIRE! From her very first sex scene with James Deen, we were all red in the face, panting and smitten (and so was she). What better way to start off New Year's weekend than by sitting back and watching this multi-orgasmic girl get herself off in my favorite plaid shirt. And if you haven't watched her first sex scene EVER, it is here on X-Art and you just can't miss it! Seriously you can't! Look on her model page and you'll see her stretched out on James (thats the one to click on). Don't miss it. Or if you have watched it, check it out again and see if you can count how many times she cums. I think I know...xoxo Colette

HD Video: If you've ever seen Charlotte have her way with another lucky girl then you know what to expect here, AND you'll know what I mean when I say that the two of them together are like a "fucking lesbian tornado!" The way they both get so, so wet and horny before the cameras even start to snap is also not a surprise when you see them get down and dirty. From the first time we met this crazy hot blonde, we knew we were in for a wild ride. Can these super-nymphs be tamed or trained? But the real question is: "Why would you want to?" Just ENJOY THE RIDE! I did xoxo Colette P.S. Charlotte nice to have your hot self back, see you again soon!

HD Video: Kaylee and Izzy are definitely two of our hottest exclusive X-Art models and it is just our luck that they have wanted to get together and try some Girl on Girl action. If you remember Kaylee had all her firsts with us (solo masturbation, her first lesbian experience and then her first sex scene). Now see how her skills with the softer sex have gotten even hotter. This is one video that bisexual girls, straight girls or men who love lesbians will not want to miss! xoxo Love, Colette Oh! and P.S. This reminds me of the time when I used to get drunk and make out with my hot brunette friend a few years ago (we had a steamy affair for about a year and Brig knew..)#memories

HD Video: In a world of self love and self-involvement, we'd like to take a moment to show you a really HOT variety -- that of two sexy bisexual fashion models, enjoying each other in the best way possible. Join these beautiful girls as they kiss and lick and finger fuck each other passionately and intimately. It's the best kind of selfie love you could imagine...cum see!

HD Video: Get lucky with us on St. Patrick's Day while Izzy gets frisky on the floor with Jake. Just as our X-Art stud gets a taste of this blondie's sweet pussy, she's begging for him to fill her up as she spreads herself across the floor. As the pleasure intensifies, she lifts her ass into the air and takes his big cock from behind. They switch up the pace and before you  know it, Izzy's licking her wetness off of Jake's pulsating cock, filling up her mouth and bringing the pleasure to an explosive ending. Don't miss it!

HD Video: What is your ideal threesome? With your partner and a one-night kind of lover? Or two friends with "benefits"? Well for this European couple, they wanted to have some fun and invite a new friend over to join them in a little casual sex. I'd say they definitely had fun (and some impressive orgasms) by the looks of it! Cum take a walk on the wild side...and let me join you in mutual pleasure.

HD Video: Ever since the cock sucking and fucking competition with Aubrey and Alex, Serena has been jonesing for another giant American cock (aka Xander). This hot redhead has so much fire in her, she'll need another good fucking to satisfy her insane sexual appetite. Cum watch her take it deep in her mouth and pussy and love every second of it. She's red hot and ready for you. xoxo Colette

HD Video: Kaylee and Jake have been friends for years, but this is the first time EVER that their admiration for one another combines with their built up sexual tension to produce some of the hottest "friend sex" you'll EVER see! They're literally laughing and playful one second then fucking on the countertop the next. Have you ever imagined a scenario like this in your sexual fantasies? Maybe these two can show you exactly what best friends with benefits really looks like :-) And maybe, just maybe it will lead to more.... I am happy for them! xoxo Colette

HD Video: We all enjoy a little "me time" here and there, especially that which is pleasurable. ..but what do you call it when you are just so damn horny that you stay in bed all day and night, masturbating yourself silly? Maybe "me, myself and I" time? Because it's fun to mix it up and try to out-do yourself, right? Orgasms are unlimited in this wonderful world of erotica, so cum get some!

HD Video: Shot by X-Art Co-founder Brigham Field - Aubrey and Jenna are best friends in real life. Now you can enjoying taking part in their very first sexual encouter. Aubrey did her first boy/girl sex scene ever for X-Art and she loved it, her first group for Colette.com - and we have another first coming up. You should have seen her face! Oh, don't worry you will, video and all! But in the meantime check this set produced and shot by Brig! xo ColetteDownload the awesome music track 'Should Have Seen Your Face' by Eli Mardock on iTunes

HD Video: It's AUBREY WEEK! And when she seductively whispers "deep & rough," her man's eyes grow wide as he follows her into the bedroom, where she begins to undress both herself and him. She pulls off his pants and shows him how she likes it in her mouth too. By now her pussy is dripping wet and ready for action. They move faster and faster and harder as she gets wetter and wetter. Taking it from behind, her tiny pussy squeezes his hard cock and she yells out with orgasm... Want to cum with them? Aubrey is happy to fulfill your deepest desires. So don't be shy, we're not. xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Waking up to one of the most beautiful, angelic ballerinas in your bed. Already having made hersef cum, she is pulsing, tight and dripping wet for you... I would say that's a little better than a pleasant surprise. So wake up and enjoy it (any time of day actually). This is 100% real orgasm, see if you can try to say otherwise. Or just cum along with her. I can guarantee it will be more than pleasant; that feeling you both get when you climax at the same time. xoxo Love, ColetteP.S. More BG and group coming so hang on for those of you being ever so patient. We had a little issue with Russia but it is all fixed now. And all pleasant ;-)

HD Video: For Valentine's Day, Caprice surprises Marcello by blindfolding and tying herself up for him to enjoy however he wishes. Her only desire is that he uses both her mouth and pussy to get both of them off. The restraint turns him on, as he slides both the rope and his zipper down, bringing Caprice to her knees. She blindly searches for his growing cock, begging to taste it deep in her mouth. Standing her up, he removes her blindfold and bodice..and I think you can guess what happens next. although maybe not the extent of how it is. If you've never had sex with a blindfold I suggest you try it this Valentine's Day. Even if it's with yourself! You can imagine lots of stuff!!! Love, Colette

HD Video: How many different ways can I describe Veronica and her HOTTNESS? This little thing has all the goods -- a tiny and very wet pussy, incredible ass, perky breasts and a face of a naughty little Latina angel. Cum see Veronica fuck herself silly, first with her fingers and then with her cool glass dildo. Mmm...muy caliente!

HD Video: As you wind down and get ready for the weekend, we'd like you to cum together with these two HOT and horny models. The night is young and the passion is real, so why not take a load off (literally) before or after festivities. Aubrey and Jenna are exclusive to X-Art and ready to go the distance with your cock in both of their wet, tight pussies and mouths. You'll definitely be moaning in pleasure in no time.

HD Video: Who's up for some super hot and intimate sex with our exotic goddess Vicky? She's waking from a nap with only one thing on her mind. Watch as she finger fucks herself so passionately and rhythmically -- imagining a lover filling her up with each thrust. Sound inviting? Cum drift away...at least briefly, in bed with me (and Vicky).

HD Video: In this multi-orgasmic and multi-cultural threesome, Aubrey and Serena make a bet - who can fit all of Alex’s gigantic black cock all the way down their throat (and deep in their pussies). Alex sits back and enjoys the girls' friendly competition. When Serena sits down on Alex’s cock and has her first orgasm, you can see her legs shaking. Then Aubrey gets her turn and makes sure that Alex’s cock fills her little pussy, stretching it to the absolute limit. It doesn't take long before she's riding him hard and fast. The competition is close, and in the end Alex brings it home by exploding all over their faces.

HD Video: Maya M is one sexy little gem. From her silky smooth and taut skin you'll feel when you run your hands down her back and up her thighs -- to her tight dancer's body you'll soon see shuddering in pleasure. The anticipation grows as she sits back and opens those beautiful lips, so cum along with her as she fingers her dripping pussy to an earth-shattering orgasm. 

HD Video: Jessica and Summer have been lusting for one another since they danced ballet together years ago. Finally their fantasies cum true as they lick and finger fuck one another into oblivion. This lesbian sex is beautiful and passionate -- some of the best yet! And the orgasms are real and intense...just so damn HOT. Cum see what I mean, the girls won't mind a third hot body in the room.

HD Video: If you're looking for something to wet your whistle, go no further. Miu may be cute, but her sex appeal is anything but subtle. Those eyes, that body, her perfectly tight and juicy pussy. You'll be hard in just seconds of being with her. She's exclusive to us and delivered in a very "cute" package for you. Cum see!

HD Video: Jenna is a lot of things -- young, HOT, horny...and fucking magical. She strips down so you can get off (and be left in awe at how she did it). This sexy magician has a lot of tricks up her sleeve, but today she's keeping it intimate. She stimulates her pretty pink pussy with a pretty pink vibrator, and cums hard all over her bed. It's pink magic!

HD Video: This fashion shoot turns lesbian sex session just as quickly as the girls start undressing. Their naked and perfect bodies are beyond fuck-worthy, and the props are always fun to play with. Making-out turns into licking and finger fucking each other's wet pussies. It gets even hotter when they see themselves in the mirror. Want to join them? Unzip your pants and have a seat, the pleasure is only starting...

HD Video: After the girls fuck each other crazy, Angelica is still horny and yearning for a cock. But she has a little more modeling to do first...for a very lucky photographer. Before he can say "that's a wrap," this horny blondie will have his pants off and his dick in her mouth. Then she'll crawl on top, riding so fast and hard until he explodes in this stunning Russian beauty's mouth. Can you even imagine if this were you? Cum inside and see what it's like to fuck the hottest woman in the world...

HD Video: This irresistible and exclusive superstar is ready for more action, so she stripped down to her sparkly X-Art panties and stole our attention (in the best way ever). Besides the sexy biting of her lip and the "come hither" looks of her gorgeous green eyes, we find a perfect pink pussy begging to be fucked. Join now to see this super cutie show you just how she likes it.

HD Video: Xander arrives as Veronica is finishing dressing and applying her makeup. She gives him a "fuck me" look then begins giving him head, just now realizing how big his dick is. She's instantly wet and aching in anticipation. Then once he's inside her, he grows even bigger and stretches her little pussy to the absolute limit. Sometimes a little wince of pain can be followed by so much pleasure...don't you think?

HD Video: Who says dreams can't come true? Tonight it's our exclusive little sex goddess Caprice who will re-win your heart (and boner) as she positions herself on all fours and gives you a view worth a million bucks...all while getting really wet and ready for a big cock to slide right in and finish the job. Are you up for it? Maybe...yes!

HD Video: Scarlet (expert squirter) is back on X-Art with a edgy new look and the same fuckable charm. You're invited into her private poolside cabana to watch her masturbate so intensely and passionately while craving more than her fingers in her wet pussy. She's seriously seductive and just getting warmed up!

HD Video: Veronica Rodriguez is one of the horniest girls I've ever met. She fucks herself like she fucks her lovers -- intensely and passionately -- and she has the sexiest dirty mouth of any girl out there. She even talks dirty to herself while masterfully masturbating. Plus, she's super playful and sizzling HOT. Want to join her for some slippery fun? She's wet and ready for you.

HD Video: Jessica and her man are taking a stay-cation (so basically they're staying in bed and fucking each other's brains out all weekend). These dancers reminisce over romantic trips past and enjoying one another's incredible bodies. Think you'd like to bury yourself deep inside a girl like her? Who wouldn't? She's a fucking ballerina! 

HD Video: A Good Night Kiss and she is left alone in bed. Angelica decides she hasn't had enough, so she dresses in her sexiest heals and lingerie. She pulls on her trench coat and she proceeds over to her husbands office. She climbs on him and starts sucking his cock, next she offers him her wet pussy and finally (because he loves it) her perfect asshole. Now thats a Kiss Good Night!

HD Video: Do blondes really have more fun? YES! Which means you will have more fun too when a hot one strips out of her lingerie and masturbates and cums hard while thinking of your cock inside her. Aliyah is playful and provocative...an excellent combination. And she's seducing you silly today, so sit back and let her do her thing (and you do your thing). xo Colette

HD Video: Wish you had a secretary like Jenna to flirt with and fantasize about during your work day? And if you're REALLY lucky, she'll whisper in your ear that her pussy has been dripping all week just thinking about you too. She'll show you exactly how horny she is by deep-throating your cock, then sticking her ass in the air for you to have at her tight pussy. This is a fuck fest definitely worth the sexual tension.

HD Video: Maya M is a natural beauty and a VERY natural sex superstar. And today she's spending some intimate time fantasizing about a cock in her tight, wet pussy while she rubs her clit in her favorite sex positions. Who wouldn't want to give it to her from behind? She's ready and waiting to kick things off...and then get off. So cum in and join the fun..

HD Video: In celebration of the New Year, we have an erotic treat for you! Veronica Rodriguez is one of the hottest models in the business today. And it's no wonder why. She is super sexual, an amazing squirter and this tiny latina princess can take a huge cock and ride like she's at a championship rodeo. Then to add to her charm she is extremely smart, takes care of her family and goes to school. An amazing dream girl all around! Watch this charming couple go at it like porn stars and love like Romeo & Juliet. Cum help us kick off 2015! xoxo Colette

HD Video: Aubrey and Xander are hitting their second date out of the park. This girl is HOT as hell, and her pussy's been wet since their last date. You'll be staring into her beautiful "fuck me" eyes while you imagine what this would be like if it were you. I swear every guy who meets this teenage beauty falls in love. And you will too, just in time to ring in the new year with her! xo Colette

HD Video: Ready for a European rendezvous? Katherine couldn't wait to get some love from the USA (aka Tyler in this case). But don't worry about a language barrier, as body language will be the only thing needed here...especially when she prefers having a cock in her mouth (and pussy). Let the passion move you, and cum with us on a worldwide erotic adventure in 2015! Love, Colette xoxo

An early holiday treat!! :-)HD Video: What guy hasn't thought about going on a trip and fucking gorgeous girls along the way? In Prague's Czech Republic, this might mean putting your erection into a HOT wet pussy (and a girl named Maria). She would love to see what you have to offer. I'm sure she'll be wet and willing as she sucks and fucks all night long. Her ponytail is for pulling, so bend her over and cum inside...

HD Video: Cum celebrate Christmas X-Art style! A naughty blonde Santa gets totally turned on and festively fucks herself with a jumbo glass candy cane...on a snow-white beach in the Caribbean! It's a gift that keeps on giving, in the best way EVER possible. Happy Holidays!

HD Video: Jessica loves to be teased. And you may not know this but a little rope play makes this ballerina 50 shades of pink and wet. She'll be all tied up with her head back and legs open waiting for a cock. Sound enticing? Well it is, and even more so when you can watch every inch of her tight pussy filled with her lover's huge cock. If this model couple doesn't get you off I'm not sure what will (well I take that back), I have another idea...xoxo Colette  

HD Video: Did you know that redhead pussies taste like strawberries? Okay, I made that up but Serena's sure looks sweet when she offers it for dessert. This beautiful new X-Art model is crazy hot, she loves to give (and receive) pleasure... crawling on her knees, on her back, with her mouth wide open. Cum on in...

HD Video: Kaylee is one of the hottest models in the world in my opinion! Sometimes you just want to be alone in your room masturbating and looking hot. She is now and she knows we are watching. Kaylee has (lucky for us) turned into a true exhibitionist. Kaylee we are watching you baby! xoxo Colette

HD Video: Have you ever been in the mood to lay back and have your woman ride you like a cowgirl? Especially if she's ready to ride it up and down all night, squirting all over you. So unzip your pants and enjoy the ride. Watch this hot little Czech girl and her breasts as they bounce up and down, while her pussy squeezes onto you with her every move. Get ready for the rodeo. xoxo Colette & Franzi

HD Video: Orgies, toys, bondage, anal...sexual variety is the spice of life!...and this couple really knows how to let loose and be vulnerable with one another. But if you had a girl like Caprice, wouldn't you want to stay naked in bed with her all day, every day, perfecting your many sex skills? I know I would. It's time to have fun and get off with one of hottest girls on the planet. It's never been better! An intimate experience with one of the hottest and most sexual couples in the world!

HD Video: Watch this 19 year-old fashion model masturbate until she's slippery & wet. Aubrey is exclusive to X-Art and showing off her best assets (beautiful, mysterious eyes, perky breasts and pink pussy included). I can't imagine anyone who can say no to her.. Offering 100% pure Aubrey right here, right now xoxo Colette :-)

HD Video: It's Aubrey and Xander's first time, but definitely not their last. You will see what I mean when you watch this beautiful and exclusive X-Art teen slip off her sexy little babydoll and slip a hard cock in her mouth and wet, pink pussy. She shivers in orgasm and then reciprocates saying "I want you to cum all over my face like I came all over your big dick." Click to watch or download now!

HD Video: Fashion Models are Bisexual. Need I say more? Everybody knows that! LOL. But if for some reason you were one of the people who was unaware of this fact, then you can watch this video and tell me what you think after. Cum on, if you were that hot wouldn't you want to fuck anything that moved (of course if he/she were equally hot). And if you're not that hot, as in 99.999% of the planet, you can sit back and watch to see if these bisexual models make you cum like crazy....xx Colette & Franzi

HD Video: Teal and Silvie must have been having wet dreams when they woke up because their naked bodies are HOT to the touch. Their nipples are hard AND their pussies are dripping wet upon opening their eyes. Want to join them in the sack? Seriously who wouldn't want to sleep creep it under that blanket faster than you can say "threesome"? xo Colette 

HD Video: Susie is hotter and hornier than ever and ready for an afternoon fuck fest. Sit back, relax and unzip your pants as she crawls on top of you. She straddles you like she'll never let go. And trust me, you won't want her to. Especially when they both cum long and HARD. This is fucking blonde perfection.

HD Video: There has never been a better way to describe Riley (well except, too cute, too sexy, too gorgeous, too creative)...well you get the picture! Finally, Finally we welcome one of my personal favorite pornstars of all time to X-Art! This is just a tiny taste of what's to cum...I promise she will leave you HOT and I hope you can handle it. xoxo Colette

HD Video: Carrie is one of those girls that leaves you always wanting more. Maybe it's the way she flirts, or her impressive sex drive...or the way she just lets go and enjoys the moment. Either way she is so fuckable that you probably want to take her right now. One taste and your cock stands to full attention. Then you bend her over the table and watch her pretty face and gorgeous ass as she loses herself while you plunge deeper and deeper inside. You'll want to claim her as your own after this. For now, though, she's still mine ;-)

HD Video: Imagine a long day, a hot bath and a HOTTER girl ready to fuck your brains out while you lay back and relax. She doesn't even need to get in the water, she is already wet. Watch her suck his huge cock in her tiny mouth and see just how much of it she can handle. With her young, tight pussy dripping in anticipation, she grips him and bends over offering an irresistible view. Wouldn't you like to slide into me.. Cum inside and GET WET. I'm steaming just thinking about it. xoxo ~ Colette

HD Video: Who doesn't like a wet t-shirt contest? And who doesn't like to watch a hot fashion model dripping from said wet shirt and tight pussy. She pushes her strong fingers in and out until she cums all over herself. Luckily the rain is there to wash all that cum away. She's really wet now. Cum in, she's all yours. P.S. HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Love. Colette & Team X-Art

HD Video: Get ready to slip your hard cock into Maria's warm, wet pussy. You'll make her moan with ecstasy. Just try to last with this scorching hot, raven-haired girl; she is ready to light your fire. Trust me it is worth the risk of getting burned..xo Colette

HD Video: Ready to rendezvous with a Spanish hottie? First she gives you a little preview, leaning back against the headboard; rubbing her tits until her nipples are hard and her pussy is wet. She fucks herself with a vengeance. First with her fingers, then with a glass toy; all the while imagining it's a real cock (preferably yours). I'm not making this up. The fun is just beginning...xo Colette 

HD Video: Keira is putting it all out there tonight. She's as sexy as ever and can't wait for Sebastian's big hard cock to be inside of her. But first a little show in her black lingerie. Watch as she climbs aboard and goes for a ride of a lifetime. You will not want to miss this litttle vixen. It would be a shame. Enjoy her with us! Love, Colette, Brig, Bastian, Petra and Franzi

HD Video: Want to have sex on the sofa? This is one of my favorite spots to get it on. Just sit back and let Lily climb on top of your hard cock. Her tight and wet pussy feels fucking amazing. Then she REALLY starts moving and grinding on it so masterfully as you clench her juicy ass and hold on for a pleasureful ride. Join in if you like pretty blondes that are tight and wet. She's MORE than ready for you.

HD Video: Forever You Part Two...Its usually not better than part one and with such a corny title even (when you are watching a mainstream movie). BUT Thats not the case here. Watch Alina fuck her boyfriend until they both cum HARD. Forever You Part Two and hopefully, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 and more and more for them. Anyway, heres part two for you. I feel like Dr. Suess now. xoxo Love, Colette P.S. check out my new website too (I have a ton of hardcore videos I shot that I am uploading as I type).

HD Video: This fashion model's beauty is so amazing; who wouldn't be absolutely spellbound by just the sight of her? Now imagine being in the room with her. And imagine her taking your cock in her mouth.Next she shows you her wet pussy and now you really are "spellbound". While you take in every perfect inch of her body, you slide your cock into her tight cunt, is there even a word for this? This woman is such extreme perfection: the word is "spellbound". 

HD Video: Imagine: Caprice (arguably the most beautiful woman on the planet)...and imagine ~ yourself, DEEP inside her. How many men (and women) around the world have prayed and wished for this moment? AND You can live the dream HERE only at X-Art. Caprice and Marcello and all of their hot friends that they fuck are exclusive to X-Art. Only at X-Art will you see that huge cock penetrating her tiny pussy. And even better, she and her man are open for sharing! So like the famous quote from the movie Dumb and Dumber, "So you're telling me there's a chance.." It might be one in a million but there is one! So check her out closely, just in case you are that lucky one in a million. Line up boys and get ready to get deep inside Caprice. xoxo Love Colette

HD Video: In the world of erotica and beautiful things, Ashley S stands alone as one of the hottest redheads alive today. This girl has an unquenachable appetite for SEX and she is just so HOT to watch, we all turn as red as her hair when we shoot her (because of the panting in the room). Her scene with James Deen is one of my favorites ever. And Ashley I told you not to fall in love, but I dare you to watch it and see how she didn't listen to me. Just click on her model page and you'll see it (Awakenings). You have to watch that one! Promise me you will.. xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: What would you do if your dream girl asked you to fuck her? Or even better...TOLD you to fuck her. Maybe stutter, then spit out "God YES!"...or here's an idea...why don't you watch a little more X-Art and work on your sex skills? Then the issue will not be whether your dream girl asks you to fuck her, it will be how much she begs you to fuck her MORE! Here's what you do first: join the erotic revolution. Second: watch Kim and Jake show you how it's done. Lastly: Lather, rinse and repeat ;-) xo Colette

HD Video: This is the story of why I love Czech girls so much. Number one they are stunning shades of blonde (like Hannah here) and all shades in between are also great. I find the blonde ones to be the sluttiest though. 2) They are great at sucking cock (again like Hannah here) 3) And when I get my cock sucked by a gorgeous Czech beauty she usually asks me to cum on her face. 4) They have a special technique that makes me want to cum whenever I see a Czech girl. 5) There are lots of other reasons I like Czech girls, but these are the only ones I can think of "right" now. From MatthewPS (the thoughts in my head brought to life by miss Colette, thank you Colette I hear you are half Czech)

HD Video: It's Summertime and this talented X-Art model couple enjoyed playing on the beach, but were ready to have some HOT SEX once they got back to the studio. As professional dancers they love to be watched. Calvin was quick to ditch the camera and divulge in Jessica's cock sucking skills. Then this athletic pair shows you what passionate sex REALLY looks like. It's fucking impressive from every angle. It's summertime! xo Colette

HD Video: Riley and Anikka are hot and ready to make each other cum like crazy! It's their first time together but they are anything but shy. Step into the studio if you dare, as it's going to be a wild night. Riley is a little animal with a man or a woman and in need of some incredible orgasms...so these two give them to each other HARD with their lips, tongues and fingers...AND a vibrator (since they couldn't get enough. Watch them cum again and again and again. And get ready for more Riley, she is a TIGER!!!

HD Video: The show for you tonight is one of epic sexual proportions. Two bisexual beauties in perfect attire (black heels, stockings and garter belts) start by licking and finger fucking each other's wet pussies, only to see Ben watching and waiting to join. It's Angelica's turn and Katherine is observing the two lovers go at it. She's now beyond ready to go and wants to show Ben how bad she wants his cock inside of her. After both girls are freshly orgasm'd, they join efforts and bring Ben to an explosive orgasm. It's one show for each (and four orgasms, if you cum too?)

HD Video: Step into a sexy century where a pretty little blonde darling and her handsome gentleman explore their sexual chemistry. Imagine this babe giving you a "come hither" look, then inviting you to join her on the bed. You KNOW a good time is about to be had. Watch her put her man's cock in her delicate mouth and pussy. You just might love it as much as they both did. Cum on...do me darling.

HD: Video! Belle Knox, the College (Ivy League may I add) freshman has been very vocal about her experiences in the adult business. So vocal that in fact we have heard how she likes to be handled rough and called names, What? Really? (and it's hearsay anyway).  Well none of that is happening here. But what you will see here is this HOT, little spinner get her tight, wet pussy off until she is throbbing with orgasm and waiting for the next cock to penetrate her pulsating bad-ass self! Belle, we love you in French, English and all languages in between.

HD Video: Our exclusive Ukrainian beauty has wow'd you in all sorts of sexual scenarios -- boy/girl, lesbian, group sex. Well now she's giving you some one-on-one time to get to know her a little better. This fiery little thing LOVES getting naked and wants to virtually stroke your cock as you watch. Enjoy her gentle curves, soft skin, supple breasts, long legs, and perfect pussy. This X-Art model is one of-a-kind. "Cum for me," she says. "And call me Foxy."

HD Video: We're poolside with two of the hottest girls on the planet -- Mila K and Caprice. AND THIS IS MILA K's FIRST LESBIAN EXPERIENCE EVER ONLY FOR X-ART (and more to cum....) She loves it! They're topless, tan and taking everything off. Good thing their floatation device is readily available, because they're diving in (to each other's sweet pussies) and getting super wet in the process. See, you don't actually have to get IN the water to have a good time. xo Colette

HD Video: The flirting, frolicking AND SQUIRTING (get an umbrella) of an afternoon at the winery continues into the evening with Jenna and Tyler. The vino seems to have gotten these two hot and horny because as soon as they make it to the bedroom, it's all over (meaning the fun has just begun). The heat between these two is intense, which makes for some super HOT sucking and fucking! Cum see what I mean. It's quite impressive! And it's raining cum. xo Colette

HD Video: Secret agents Kim and The Red Fox embark on a covert mission to capture and seduce a man. Their plan starts out with some diversion tactics but quickly falls apart as these erotically-inclined agents become extremely wet and horny. Before they know it, theyare  are naked and in a in tangle of pussies and cock. Mysterious, but mostly just HOT. Get ready for "Double Oh Heaven." And more than double orgasms. You can not miss this one. XOXO Colette

HD Video: To continue where the goddesses left off, they decide to have some HOT group sex. I mean wouldn't you if you looked like Caprice or Angelica (how could you not want to fuck yourself and everyone else all the time). Interested in joining in? There is some impressive fucking from the guys and girls. You will be gripping your cock and ready to cum. And there are so MANY opportunities in this awe-inspiring orgy, you many just cum and then cum some more. xoxo ~ Love, Colette

HD Video: It's always a good time to strip down in this late summer heat -- especially when you're in company of our newest Spanish sex babe Alina and her handsome hunk Fernando. This little hot tamale will make you drool from the second she crawls on top of her man with her super short jean shorts. Then enjoy them strip each other down and go at it in all sorts of steamy positions. The passion is real and the pleasure is abundant. Cum get some Spanish heat!

HD Video: Kaylee wants to get herself off. Kyle walks in and sees her fingering herself.  She's already wet, so she grabs him and shoves his cock in her pussy. The passion (and ORGASMS) here are as awesome as you've ever seen! Cum join them & make your own sunset memories. XOXO Colette PS Happy Halloween!

HD Video: This raven-haired beauty looks like a classic Hollywood starlet and acts like a horny nymphomaniac begging for a cock...and your undivided attention. The intimate setting is perfect for the high-definition show you'll see where Natalie rubs and fingers her pussy, strokes her breasts and gets herself wet and ready for you to join her. Maybe you'll get nice and hard for her too? It's just Natalie...and she's ready to go all night.

HD Video: Most girls might be a little pissed if they walked in on this Halloween haired beauty giving their BF a BJ, but not Angelica! This is just the kind of kinky loving that makes Halloween special for her. Upon seeing the action, she moves right in and shares like the well behaved young lady she is. Until it gets time for more and these two innocent looking Eastern European girls turn into raging sex-hungry fiends (perfect for Halloween! I want to dress them up in Monster customs or something (lol). Get ready to have a happy and hot Halloween! Video next. Love, Colette And PS it's only a few days until my new site is up! So if you're not a member of X-Art yet join now to get the special deal for current X-Art members! Thank you so much!

HD Video: If cat fights and parties of three turn you on (or at least spark your curiosity), then get ready for this SUPER HOT scene with Jenna, new babe Aliyah, and Brett. These girls are horny and willing to fight for Brett's attention and rock hard cock. They might not play gently, but they seem to have mastered the formula for incredible group sex! Want to see what I mean? Get ready for a cat fight! (Scratching, slapping and hair pulling all possible ;-))

HD Video: Kacey Jordan is a California girl who loves fashion and fun, so it was easy to see that she would fit right in with X-Art (And Colette has been wanting her to work with X-Art for about five years, so we're thrilled to have her join us!) This little thing reminds me of Posh Spice -- she has a fierce attitude but can be super playful too. Just wait and see when she gets ahold of Alex's big hard cock. Between Kacey's petite, wet pussy and Alex's massive boner, they both are in for a treat. And don't miss the explosive ending. WOW

HD Video: Keira and Jake escape a formal dinner they are attending to rendezvous in Jake's hotel room upstairs. The sexual tension at the table was just too much and they couldn't wait another second to have one another. Once they're alone at last, the heat intensifies...the clothes are ripped off...they want each other NOW. Keira looks Jake in the eyes as she devours his rock hard cock in her pretty little mouth. He picks her up, carries her to the bed, and they fuck each other masterfully. They even bring out a little toy to increase the pleasure (because you can't have too much of that, right?). Holy HOTNESS this is incredible. Join them...capture the sparks!

HD Video: If there ever existed some kind of alternate universe where sex was the only form of communication and an abundant amount of gorgeous supermodels roamed freely (and by freely, I mean naked and horny) ...well that would be pretty spectacular, don't ya think? Every once in an erotic moon, two of those sexy women join orbits to admire one another's beauty and get each other off. Uh...can they be any more perfect? Those FUCKING goddesses.PS This one is to be continued (and very awe inspiring!) Just wait for even more fun...

HD Video: Today we're taking things nice and slow (and nice and fast at times too). Watch Bret wake Lily up in the best way possible, and enjoy her wetness and pleasure radiating from her beautiful body as she climaxes. This blonde babe doesn't lack in oral skills as you will see too. But the best is last, when this young couple fucks so well that they truly forget that cameras are rolling (you will see!) Lily is sooooo hot -- the way she moves on Brett's cock when she's on top and along side, and the sexual energy that will give YOU so much pleasure by just watching her. Wow!

HD Video: Get a taste of Sammy's pretty pink....toy...in this really beautiful and super HOT photo set. She is as sexy and confident as ever, which will make you want to get to know this sweet girl even more (in an up-close, intimate kind of way) Today she's pretty pink. Cum take a look!

HD Video: Click here if you like seeing two hot babes get naked and fuck each other for your personal pleasure. Definitely click here if you like lesbian action, wet and ready pussies, perky tits, beautiful erotica and orgasms (or really any of the above). Aika and Pam are new and ready to show you a VERY good time. But first they show each other a good time. Hold on...there's a lot of pleasure coming your way. It's instant erotica!

HD Video: Let's kick the week off with a little masturbation show. Giigi is ready to slip out of her sexy lingerie and illuminate her finest assets. Get a little closer and admire her big tits and sweet pussy. This girl will show you how hot and horny she is…just watch her grind her hips and fuck herself with her silver toy. It'll make you want to cum on the floor with her.

HD Video: Once in a while, there's that special thing that enters your universe and you are instantly drawn to it. I've always felt the most powerful of these attractions to be sexual in nature. And what perfect example we have to demonstrate this science than our newest beauty Miu! She is GORGEOUS...yes, but she is also intelligent, playful and very sexually sophisticated. Watch her flirt her way out of her slinky tank top and lacy panties...and into your pants...I mean heart! You just can't let go of this one.

HD Video: After a long day's work, what's better than to sit back, relax, maybe light a cigar, and have a HOT girl in lingerie and leather serve you an ice cold cocktail? Marica shows Ramon just what she has in mind and deep-throats his big hard cock. This petite little thing crawls on top and then leans over the chair to get it from behind. Good thing this chair is stable because the sex gets WILD. Back-door love follows (just a little anal) and they complete the sexcapade with an explosive ending (because why not?). Come join us -- we're serving seduction.

HD Video: Don't you love the cold. And don't you love it even better when you can slip into a hot bath and Ivy's hot pussy. Imagine what she could do with your throbbing cock. Could you even contain yourself? Don't worry the bubbles will hide it. But they won't hide the slickness of her wet skin as you can see every inch or her perfect body in superhot HD. Cum on in with me. The water is warm. And it doesn't have to be for only two, everyone jump in here! Love, Colette

HD Video: Aidra knows how to bring the spice to life, and she's not afraid to go after what she wants...and who she wants. This rockin girl will rule your sexual world. Just watch the way she flirtatiously masturbates for you. Her pussy is practically calling your name. Call her your queen and she will capture your cock....I mean heart. Enjoy!

HD Video: If you have not yet combined oral skills with gymnastics, it's about time. Let Jenna show us how to receive some and give some, as she and Jake get all limber in the Brazilian heat... I know I would like to try. So how about a headstand to start off with? It can only get sexier and wilder with these two. Cum see!

HD Video: A couple like Angelica and Ben is pretty much a dream come true for a bisexual beauty like Heidi. And Heidi is one fucking hot girl herself. The perfection of these girls and the sexual drive of Ben (along with his massive cock) makes for a very enjoyable and super sexy time. Neither Angelica nor Ben could wait to feel Heidi's tight body and taste her deliciously moist pussy. And I'm pretty sure Heidi didn't hesitate in responding to the offer. Get in on this fun before it's too late!

HD Video: Silvie is as hot and horny as ever, and guess what? She's staying in tonight just for you (well and her lover hehe). And to add to the fun, she's naked and and DRIPPING WET. Naomi joins her for a delicious make-out session and finger fucking that will make your mouth water as much as these girls pussies are spilling our cum. Don't miss this hot and heavy lesbian love scene. Silvie and Naomi will leave you wet and satisfied or ready for more (depending on the type of person you are) xo Love., Colette  (oh yeah!)

HD Video: This foursome is a beautiful neopolitan of EXCLUSIVE X-Art sexiness. You will looooove their skill set as these ladies show you how they make each other cum! These exclusive X-Art beauties are alone worth the price of membership. Where in the world will you find such a combo, so hot for each other and willing to share their boyfriends? Oh My God! Unreal! They'll have you begging "Fuck me four ways!"

HD Video: Lisa and Max may be the hottest couple on the planet, and they are of course EXCLUSIVE to X-Art. These two have so much chemistry, it's unreal. I'm sure they have steamy sex daily, but we are lucky to join them in the bedroom every so often and this time our goddess Lisa tells Max, "I want you to fuck me so hard, and I want to be filming." Hmm one might say, a little power play? Of course he is immediately turned on and he (of course) says "Ready when you are babe!" The "babe" comment almost kiled the mood, but they got it back (and I'm making the "babe" part up anyway (lol). Well they must have used a REALLY good camera because this video will blow your mind (and something else!) xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Just a short year ago (well a little more I think and it seems like 10 years ago). Anyway, at this time the sublime Jenna came onto the X-Art scene, and she's rocked your world (and ours) ever since. Quickly becoming a staple at the house (like bread and milk) and part of our little family! This video matches her photo set "Cum Inside Jenna" and we'd like you to do just that. Take a closer look at every inch of her perfect gymnast body, adorable face & sweet pink pussy. We already know she's a keeper -- here's your chance to find out why. xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Join this Hot, young couple for one of their secret trysts. Julie starts things off with a flirty show and then climbs on her man to show him how bad she wants it. But before going all out, George needs a taste of this delicious girl's sweet pussy, he dives in and that is enough to make them dripping wet-- hang on for some fantastic fucking from behind and all over, because they can't hold back! Watch it and weep (for joy)..lol xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Watch this sexy little spinner slide onto her man's cock. She has it all --  brains, beauty (what a cute face) and that tiny body often referred to as a spinner! Cum inside and join to see what magic tricks this little angel can and will do to you! She is new to erotic modeling and already a natural. Her gorgoeus and talented body are worth the price of the membership alone!  xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Care for some lively enjoyment in the bedroom? Leave it to Elena to entertain you in the most pleasurable way possible. This girl gets started with some major flirtation (and thank god she doesn't stop there!) Then watch her as she shows you her favorite position...getting it (or giving it to herself) from behind, that is. I think you may want to set this one on repeat. Fuck yes.

HD Video: With her fashion model body, full lips, penetrating eyes and personality, X-Art exclusive model Tiffany can do anything. Given the bond of trust and love that we long have shared with her, Tiffany wanted our subscribers to see her as YOU NEVER HAVE SEEN HER BEFORE. It started when Tiffany looked into Brandon’s eyes and said,"I want you to fuck me in my ass – and with our X-Art friends watching!” On the first day on the set, everyone was excited and nervous with anticipation. As Tiffany looked into our cameras with a twinkle in her eyes as she sucked Brandon’s cock, I knew that she really was ready.  When Tiffany spread her pussy and her cheeks for Brandon, it was like they were fucking for the first time. Then the moment came. The butt plug looks so sexy.  As Brandon eased his ample cock into Tiffany’s tight ass, she gasped in delight. Tiffany spread her cheeks even wider as Brandon’s cock moved in and out of her back door – first slowly, than faster.  And deeper. She loved it! And Tiffany definitely loved us watching. Wait until you see how she shows her appreciation. xoxo Colette 

HD Video: Susie and her boyfriend Steven are back to remind us just how HOT their sex life is. Last time they invited another man into their bed to give Susie double the pleasure. This time it's the two of them giving it all to one another -- first with some of the hottest 69 action I've ever seen (you will loooove the way this girl moves on top of her man), then some cowgirl with a POV that shows off her incredible ASSets, and to finish....well you will have to watch and see. Cum on...touch me, taste me...

HD Video: Let's mix it up a little by mixing up some paint and letting these two horny lovebirds go wild! Okay so they don't go super wild in the sense of painting, but they certainly do in the sense of sex. Thank you Caprice for being fucking HOT and flexible and thank you whoever left that ladder for their use. Is your cock getting hard in anticipation? Let's all get creative and paint each other white (in more ways than one maybe).

HD Video: Naomi is a beautiful girl, and she loves when you let her know that. Anyone volunteer to watch her (it'll turn her on and get you off). So sit back, but keep your eyes on every perfect part of her body. She will be thinking of you as she cums 'hard' and then leans back and slips into a sweet sleep with you still on her mind. It's not everyday you see into the private fantasies of a girl this beautiful. Love, Colette

HD Video: Scarlet is a real "smarty pants". In real life she is studying to be a mortician (how cool is that???) If you were dead, would you come back to be "handled" by this amazingly hot girl!?! Duh! Of course you would. We love Scarlet. Anyway, even if you're not dead, watch her cum and feel alive now! xxoo

HD Video: Ever since the "Group Sex" fun, Susie and Jake have been "jonesing" for one another (or however you spell that word). These two X-Art models are equally sexy and sophisticated, and they both know it (in a really good way). Come to think of it, there's so many kinds of sexy. Fun sexy...flirty sexy...seductively sexy...submissively sexy...glamourously sexy...and of course my favorite, naughty sexy. They're all hot! But this one we call Sexy En Noir...and it is FUCKING HOT. Enjoy!

HD Video: Have you ever seen an angel? People say they come in all shapes and sizes...but if I had to guess what one would look like in human form, she would resemble our sweet, strong and sexy Angelica. This babe is one-of-a-kind (as you already know if you have been an X-Art member for any time at all). Today we have Angelica in the solo form, just enjoying her sexy self at home. She loves this new dildo too! Check this set out to see for yourself.

HD Video: I can't think of a better way to spend an evening than with our brunette beauty Nikki...alone and horny in her bedroom. There is something so magical about this girl, and from the moment you see her rolling around on the bed, you will be DYING to see her take her pretty little white panties off and show you her perfect pussy. Then enjoy watching this eye-candy give herself some much deserved love. I love the POV of this video (it's almost like you can touch and taste this delicious girl) and I hope you do too!

HD Video: We'd like to welcome a new smokin' babe to X-Art -- everyone meet Cassidy! This sexy thing is as wild as the day is long, but for her first time with us, we get a little one-on-one session. Pleasure in the way she touches herself, then drift away into fantasy land as this pretty bad girl shows you how to feel oh so good.

HD Video: What better way to enjoy your evening than to see these two real life lovebirds have a sexy good time at home? There's really nothing more enjoyable than witnessing true love and then experiencing some really great sucking and fucking along with it (oh yeah, hehe) Tiffany and Brandon are one of a kind (or two of a kind actually). This one is for our members eyes only. So join to watch or login! xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Thunderstorms are intense and wild, but also thrilling and exciting...like incredible sex. Especially the kind that starts out with two beautiful babes stripping the clothes off one another and getting it on (only for their gentleman friend to join in for even more excitement soon after!). Okay so what are you waiting for? Get ready to shake things up with some thunderous sex. It'll rock your world.

HD Video: Have you had the pleasure of meeting our petite princess Gina yet? This girl is what I'd call cock-obsessed (lucky Mathew!) She gets turned on seeing his morning erection and begins to masturbate. It doesn't take long before she crawls on top of him, waking him in the best way EVER possible. Watch Gina suck and fuck Mathew like never before. She knows what he likes...and maybe what you like too. XO

HD Video: Sammy is beyond delighted to be the muse of l'artiste, Mr. X. Although abstract in form, the artwork he's creating resembles a shared passion between two lovers, intertwined in a cosmic space of infinite pleasure. There's an unspoken connectivity that these two feel, and little time it takes before they both succumb to one another's desirable bodies. Enjoy this beautiful erotic form of art -- from the stripping seduction to the incredible fucking. This blonde beauty will blow your mind...one (paint) stroke at a time. Enjoy!

HD Video: Ready for another Brazilian rendezvous? This time our American beauty Jenna has her first fling with our European stud Jake. We know you've all been waiting for these two to finally get together -- well the time has come! (and it is HOT as hell). Step inside and be elevated to sexual heights you'll rarely experience. This Sao Paulo highrise was flooded with incredible sexual energy and gorgeous light. I'm pretty sure you will like the view.

HD Video: Have you ever met a girl that you just couldn't get out of your mind? Let this Hungarian exhibitionist show you exactly why that is...her tight body, perfect pussy, and girl-next-door look will keep your attention now AND later! Let your afterthoughts be as delicious as your first time with this cutie :-)

HD Video: We'd like to welcome our newest gorgeous girl to the wonderful world of X-Art. And what better way to do that than let her do her own sexy thing. She'll show you her incredible body, angle by angle, then let you see MUCH more (including her flexibility) when she reveals her perfect private parts to us. Clear your calendars because you're going to want to spend some extra time with this babe.

HD Video: HOLY HOTNESS!! For the first time ever, see Caprice in a threesome with her man Marcello AND another very lucky guy. This couple is amazing to start with, and Caprice is pretty much the sexiest girl on the planet. So what is there not to love? Watch a flirty tie up and blindfold situation turn extra fun when Marcello has Jake sneak in and assist him in pleasuring sweet Caprice. Once her blindfold is undone, she is freshly orgasm'd and ready to blow and fuck these guys' brains out. Get some now...in the blind. You have to see this!

HD Video: Where better to enjoy a nice breakfast than at Eve's new modern apartment. And when I say "breakfast", I mean a delicious and VERY enjoyable sexual experience. Are you ready to get in on the action? Sebastian and Eve know how to take advantage of the fact that counter-height is also "do me from every angle" height. Yes please!

HD Video: We love Caprice and Marcello! Just being in the presence of this beautiful couple brings joy and erotic excitement to a room (bedrooms especially!) And what's great about these two is that they are always keeping things exciting, including some back door play once in a while. You will love the way Caprice -- blindfolded and tied up -- lures Marcello in to her sexy web, then captures his undivided attention...and massive boner (uh did I just say that!? oh well it's true though...) The passion is palpable and the energy is HOT!

HD Video: Please help me welcome our sweet and sexy new model Laura to X-Art! Today we were able to capture this brunette babe as she was waiting for her man to get home and crawl into bed with her. Take all the time (and angles) you need to admire this natural beauty...she doesn't mind.

HD Video: Just in time to heat things up for summer, we have the stunning beauty Jessica stripping out of her leggings and see-through sweater, then showing you her pussy in front of a warm fire (seems pretty inviting right?). Now watch her finger herself until she cums. 'Hot in more ways than one' is an understatement...

HD Video: Catie gets really turned on when she's listening to music. She also gets really hot when she knows someone is watching her. Listen to her and look into her eyes as she pushes her fingers deep inside her tight pussy. You will be hypnotized as this cutie cums like crazy!

HD Video: Step into the dark...and be enlightened by Izzy's impressive ability to pleasure herself. First, she likes to put on her favorite lingerie (black and lacey is always HOT. Then she gently and smoothly strokes the curves of her beautiful body, getting herself hot and ready. When she reveals her luscious breasts and wet pussy, you will see that she is indeed enjoying herself. Then sit back and enjoy her rubbing and finger fucking herself (maybe while you do the same?). It's just you and her tonight...in the dark. XO

HD Video: An early treat for our amazing members: Gina and Pablo arrive home after a romantic dinner for two, just dying to get each other's clothes off and get it on (for their first time!) The anticipation and sexual tension is off the charts! After Pablo carries tiny Gina into the bedroom and onto the bed, he just can't wait to have a taste of her sweet wet pussy. She reciprocates the oral pleasure (and looks so HOT with his very large cock in her mouth, don't ya think) She begs for him to be inside of her, and oh does he give her EXACTLY what she was wanting.

HD Video: GiiGi and Sophie are two hot and horny blondes, ready to get it on and get each other off. They literally got naked and started making out before the cameras were even ready to go. We could barely keep up! But that's ALWAYS okay in the wonderful world of X-Art. Enjoy these beauties pleasuring one another...or more specifically, watch them obsess over each other during some much needed pussy play with their tongues and a very cool silver dildo. It's precious metal, indeed.

HD Video: There's nothing better than sex and rock 'n roll! Or really any kind of music that puts you in the mood. For Gina, our newest little Russian X-Art hottie, that's anything with a good beat that makes her move her hips...and for her boyfriend Mathew, anything that Gina likes. So with the good vibes flowing, these two start getting it on (but not without a little foreplay first). As Gina is climaxing, they see Keira walk in the bedroom. Both Gina and Mathew look at her with passionate, inviting eyes and say "FUCK ME BABY!" xoxo ~ Colette (P.S. I think that is what they really meant to call this one...)

HD Video: This may be the most beautiful I've ever seen Lisa! She's like a rare, wild flower that just radiates happiness (and AMAZING sexual energy!) Enjoy Lisa's incredible body and her equally incredible orgasm, then be in even more awe of her blowjob skills. Wow. If you can hold out until she climbs on top of her man, you will LOVE the way they fuck...so passionately! Did I mention a delicious finish? Cum witness something spectacular! Yours Forever

HD Video: Get ready to fall in love (yet again) with a stunning brunette X-Art babe. Carrol is feeling frisky and wants to get it on with Mike before they're off to dinner. You'll definitely see she's got quite the appetite when she's naked and on top of her man, riding him sooooo gooood! Mmm and then back on her back where you can cum with them both. Turns out Mike was just as hungry as Carrol, as he goes down on her and brings her to orgasm one last time. Ahh, what a man...And what a woman!

HD Video: Guess what we have for you tonight? A little Sammy/Jake action in a chic highrise Sao Paulo apartment...that's what. These two had great chemistry from the start (and there's definitely magic in the Brazil air). See Sammy in her sexy glasses...and then see her slip out of her lacy blue lingerie and passionately suck Jake's cock, just before getting bent over and fucked on the office chair. Admire her porcelain skin and long legs in some impressive sex positions. It's a highrise rendezvous!PS: The footage from one of the cameras from this shoot was damaged, therefore we're lacking a camera angle. Enjoy it anyway! Sammy and Jake surely did.

HD Video: What is black and white and sexy all over? Well Jenna of course (today anyway). Check her out in her matching panties and stockings, then see her strip down and give herself some much needed attention. I don't even think it's possible for Jenna to disappoint when it comes to sex. She's a master indeed! Whether alone or in the company of another lucky guy or girl, this babe definitely has the "IT" factor. Cum see. XO

HD Video: In this sultry menage a trois, we have the fiery Red Fox, raven-haired babe Keira, and Mr. sexpert himself, Jake. It starts out with the girls getting cozy with one another (topless making out with a sturdy rope in hand). Lucky for Keira, she gets to be tied up, ankles to wrists, just as Jake walks in the room. Then the immense pleasure begins -- with each position being hotter than the last. So cum see already! And do me a favor...tie her up for me.

HD Video: In the wonderful world of X-Art, love is plenty and pleasure is infinite! Like this fantastic scene for instance -- we have three of the hottest girls in the world coming together (and cumming together) to enjoy one another in the most intimate way possible. And lucky for all of us, we are invited into the bedroom with them! You may be so intimidated by the perfect rhythmic flow of these three that you just sit back and watch in amazement...OR you can help direct the shoot and string this love fest out as long as possible. I mean why not? I keep hearing "Cut! Once more please!" I'm not complaining.

HD Video: Kim and Jake decide to turn their sweetest dream into reality -- that is having a night of wild and crazy sex with their crush Keira. We were able to capture the awakening of these sexy people, who as you will see didn't get enough the night before :-) Kim and Keira have some one-one-one girl time first, trying to stay quiet as not to wake Jake. But after a little while, he hears the delight and has to join them. Mmm there are so many sexy ways to have a threesome (or any kind of group sex for that matter). I guarantee this sweetness will delight you...and maybe awaken you too. Cum see!

HD Video: Lily and Bret planned to have a little lunch date today. Lily however has another appetizer in mind beforehand. This blondie has a rockin body and a one-of-a-kind smile. She charms her man into countertop sex (who would object?!) and blows his mind, like I'm sure she will blow yours. Summertime is the perfect time for flirtation and flings...AND kitchen rendezvous! Get a taste of Lily as we welcome her to the wonderful world of X-Art! It's lunchtime...

HD Video: After Lisa gets herself hot and very very wet, her man Max appears and is ready to rock her world (even better than she just did herself) He's dying for a taste of her perky breasts and perfectly moist pussy, and then have some more fun on their sofa. Lisa loves Max's big muscles and his big hard cock, and just moves in ecstasy as she rides him from all angles. We are loving this couple. They are so HOT...cum see!

HD Video: Cum watch these beautiful X-Art babes as they have a little intimate pool party today. This sexy romp starts out with "Drinks For 2" and ends with orgasms for three ;-) Caprice and Clover strip each other out of what's left of their bikinis, then start getting it on poolside as Carrie swims over to get in on the slippery action. This one is hot and wet. Join them now!

HD Video: In a beautiful place like Sao Paulo, Brazil, it's easy to let loose and drift into sexy vacation mode! This time Caprice is enjoying some relaxation and selfie-time when Marcello arrives and joins her on the bed. Since Caprice is already naked, it's her man's clothes that need to come off next. What a HOT scene this is!! You will die while watching Caprice move, as Marcello gives it to her from behind. Mmmm...just add an incredible blowjob and some more incredible sex and you have a 10! This is Sexy In The City!

HD Video: Colette here: I had to add a prescript (is that a word) to this set. Chloe and Carl are the first couple Brig and I ever shot and almost 7 years later here they are again, together and happily married. Dreams do come true. This really happens....love them, like we do. Thank you Basti and Petra for bringng them back! Chloe awakens in the morning before Carl -- to brew some coffee and plan the day. Just to her luck, Carl is an early riser as well (anatomically speaking ;-)) and may have a treat in the bed if she dares to jump back in. Hmm...she takes the risk and crawls across to him. Then after some passionate kissing, Chloe straddles Carl's face, letting him say "good morning" to her sweet, young pussy :-) She returns the greeting to him and his hard cock with some sucking and much anticipated fucking. Mmm her ass is perfectly plump and delicious too. P.S. Chloe is obviously older than 18 now. That is the age she was in her model photo. xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: You've been chosen to participate in a study we're conducting at X-Art -- a test of sexual aptitude and arousal. Ready? Your only role is to watch Elena finger fuck herself til orgasm. Sound easy enough? We'd like to see how quickly she can turn you on and with what specific stimulation. Here's an idea of what you're in for: a brunette babe with a bangin body, luscious, perfect breasts, and a young tight pussy that gets so moist that you're going to want to lick it up for her. Did I mention her moans of pleasure and seductive looks that will pull you in even deeper? Sounds good? We thought so...now come close...

HD Video: Beware loved X-Art members: Our newest model Kim is about to win your heart...and your boner! (or girl-boner ;-)) From the start, she will flirt her clothes off, Then, she shows Jake just HOW good she is by dedicating a good bit of time to sucking and loving his big, hard cock. By the time she gets on top of him, she's as wet as the day is long...and although you will have enjoyed staring at her beautiful face and perfect ass during the blowjob, you will even further enjoy the skillful reverse-cowgirl sex. Watching her perky breasts bounce as she moves is incredible. These two move to missionary, which is equally as hot...then...guess who's coming late to join them? It's Carrie! The three of them together are orgasmically amazing! Cum with them now!

HD Video: Julie and George are ready to blow your mind in the ultra HOT lovemaking scene. One glance at Julie's body and you will want to crawl in bed with them. This pair has incredible chemistry and certainly knows how to let go (in the best way possible). You'll enjoy Julie's beautiful body -- including her bouncing breasts and perfect ass as she moves so perfectly on George's hard cock. Mmm...it's oh so good. Right this way to Lovers Way! 

HD Video: What do you get when you mix a ravishing redhead with a beautiful blonde? A whole lot of sexy! So then what do you get when these babes start touching and licking each other's naked bodies? Definitely hot and wet (for girls like me) or hard (for fellas like many of you)...or let's just say HORNY for all sexual beings :-) These girls know how to get freaky, and literally could have gone for hours if we would've let them. They will blow your mind, so get ready. They only seem so sweet...

HD Video: What will it be today? I can go down on you...or...you can go down on me. How about both?! Watch The Red Fox work her magic on Jake, then watch him give it to her from below, behind and above. The point of view is amazing and the pleasure is as intense as ever! Did I mention that there is a beautiful cumshot at the end? You'll love both the photo set and video for this one! I just ask of you one thing -- go down on me? ;-)

HD Video: One of our most favorite X-Art models gives you the ultimate treat tonight -- an exclusive one-on-one with her and her magical body! Prepare to be drooling within seconds of the start...and then as time continues, you will both get even hotter. Her luscious breasts, delicate curves, and perfect pussy will keep you watching...I mean LOVING this video! And can you believe she's only getting started?! "Give me more" she says ;-)

HD Video: Jennifer is a beautiful little brunette girl from Texas that we've had the pleasure of seeing delight her female partners on X-Art. Now watch her here in her boyfriend's shirt and high socks as she examines her pussy with a mirror and fingers herself until she cums. Go ahead and adore her, we all do! This time it's just Jennifer :-)

HD Video: Kaylee and Kyle are an adventurous pair, but they also enjoy the little moments spent together -- laughing, flirting and dancing -- which conveniently often leads to kissing and oh-so-beautiful fucking. This is one of those times. And this is also one of those times that she "forgot" to wear panties. As Kyle slides Kaylee's black dress up, revealing her garter belt, stockings, and beautiful pussy, he can't help but enjoy the view (and make the most of this "sexceptional" moment). So let go, dance a little, and fall in love with this beautiful brunette one more time (this week ;-))

HD Video: In some of the best relationships, there exists a beautiful, playful chemistry that (as Misty and Declan show) can be translated into amazing sexual chemistry! This romp begins with some kissing and licking, then sensually evolves into Misty riding Declan until cumming, and then (ANAL BEWARE) some extra backdoor enjoyment :-) This pair is hot and totally in-sync, so you know they truly enjoy every minute of this passionate sex! I would ;-)

HD Video: Scarlet always has HOT orgasms! (If you've been a member for very long, this is already a known fact to you ;-))! But this one in particular is super special. The beautifully lit night, the beautiful girl, just ahhhhh. Watch her strategically finger herself and make herself cum with the help of a gorgeous glass toy (that sparkles like her blue eyes). Enjoy the treat!

HD Video: We welcomed Sammy to X-Art with this photo set a little while back. Well here is the much anticipated and amazing video to match! This blonde bombshell kicked things off by getting it on (and then getting off ;-) with sexy James Deen. And just for fun, see her here in some cute glasses, ready to study the art of sex! Enjoy one of the first of many with this sexy babe. XO!

HD Video: Seth thinks it's just another lazy Sunday, but lucky for him (and us), Jenna is quick to show him otherwise when she walks into the bedroom with a sly smile and blindfold in hand. Seth is so turned on now, and is ready for whatever Jenna has in mind. The deep throat queen is eager to show Seth her oral skills, which he reciprocates soon after. Then on to some incredible and beautiful fucking. You know when the sex is so good that every position is super-orgasmic? Experience that here with these two sexy X-Art models! Blindfold me baby!

HD Video: After Kate gets herself off in front of Jake, she decides to let him have a taste of her wet, just-orgasm'd pussy. Lucky for him (and us!) she's ready to show him her oral skills in round two and doesn't waste time before climbing on top to ride his hard cock. You have the best seat in the house during this HOT sex! It continues with some beautiful doggy-style fucking....then fireworks! This one will have you cumming in no time ;-) Just watch!

HD Video: This may be the best "Part II" you've ever seen! Get ready for three super horny girls and one sexy guy to blow your mind (and the girls seem to be competing in the art of blowing Jake!) These gorgeous X-Art models will ride him and suck him in various positions, then pleasure each other a lot more too. You will want to join this group in some incredible sex (duh!)...because this one is a chart-topper! :-)

HD Video: What's better than four flirtatious friends enjoying a naked afternoon by the pool? Well I will tell ya...it's experiencing the wet and wild details of the rendezvous with them! It starts out with Caprice and Carrie kissing in the pool, then Marcello and Jake join them and heat things up. These two couples are so horny and the fucking shows it. You will get so wet/hard -- especially when the girls get on top of their guys. I have one word for this special "two by two"...WOW. You may also need a cool down after this video ;-)

HD Video: For the first time ever, we are eager and very happy to present Lisa in a boy-girl scene with her sexy real-life love, Max. These lovers are amazing people with a very beautiful love story (and super HOT sex life!) Cum see this passionate couple have some fun in their bedroom. Their chemistry is dream-worthy! Welcome to X-Art Max :-)And on another celebratory note -- from the entire X-Art team, we'd like to wish our beautiful and sextremely talented fearless leader and Queen Bee COLETTE a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY today! We love you and the beautiful erotic empire you've created!! XOXO <3

HD Video: It all starts out with three hot and horny X-Art girls in a bed...sounds like a good time, right? Especially when playful pillow fighting turns into making out (naturally ;-)), and then removing each other's panties, and then (the best part) getting in on. The pussy and ass licking is soooooo HOT! The girls work magic with their fingers too. Enjoy this threesome now because it will be a foursome very soon! XOP.S. Isn't our new Russian babe Kate super sexy?!

HD Video: Caprice has been wanting to introduce her American friend Jenna to her Austrian lover Marcello, so when the opportunity presented itself at the Brazilian Erotic Festival, these sexy people were up for the very special treat. So after drinks at their upscale hotel's cocktail lounge that evening, they move to their suite, where the sexy magic happens :-) The chemistry between these three is unparalleled. Trust me, you will LOVE the passion...and the view! The only uneasiness in watching this sexcapade is trying to decide whose place you'd want to be in ;-)

HD Video: Slip out of your threads and into something more comfortable (or nothing at all ;-)) for a little "me time" with our Latvian cutie Casey. See her strip down, oil up, and get off...right in front of your eyes. She is so comfortable being in front of the camera that reaching orgasm is no problem for this girl. See if you can keep up with her! It's slippery sensations after all.

HD Video: Please join us in welcoming our new Russian baby doll Kate to X-Art! This teen is young, but definitely does not lack spice. She turned us all on when she decided to make Jake "just watch" her masturbate on the couch. Now he knows how we feel on the other side of the camera! Get up close to her perfect ass, moist pussy, gorgeous breasts and angelic face. She LOVES you watching her play with herself, and has a beautiful orgasm to prove it ;-)

HD Video: Good morning :-) Can I get you a cup of tea? How about a front row seat to a hell of a masturbation scene? As we welcome our beautiful Russian princess Elena to X-Art, she'd like to welcome you into her kitchen (and into her pretty white panties!). This girl is passionate and her orgasm is earth-shattering, but enjoy the build-up as the whole thing is delicious! She wants you to watch her...just try not to want her ;-)

HD Video: Jake enters the bedroom and Laura's fantasies immediately come into fruition. At this point, she's VERY ready for him...and knows the pleasure that lies just ahead :-) He has a taste of her sweet pussy and he's also ready to go. He enters her deeply from behind, and then missionary while grasping her ankles and legs, which is exactly how she likes it. The immense pleasure that they create together is palpable. Laura's moans are HOT and the mutual orgasms are too! Cum see! XO

HD Video: Just as Jake gets out of the shower, Keira happens to be walking in the door. He sits on the bed and watches this sexy raven-haired babe approach him, looking as if she has only one thing in mind. From the very first kiss, you can see the electricity between the two! Watch Keira's clothes come off as the pleasure heightens, and take extra delight in the INCREDIBLE blow job skills of this new X-Art beauty. The sex is hot and the passion is real. Wow! Keira's arrival has perfect timing...with Jake AND with X-Art! :-)

HD Video: Come enter a world where the girls are uber sexy, perfectly trim and beautifully erotic (no you aren't dreaming). Clover and Susie will capture your attention from the start...and might not ever let you go. Did I mention sweet Clover loooooves anal? She's very good at manually pleasuring herself, but when Susie joins her on the bed, she gives some much appreciated back door assistance. Then on to some phenomenal pussy licking (really, both girls are MASTERS!). The sensuality between them is incredible. So don't wait...run to see this masterpiece!

HD Video: Enjoy these three brunette beauties while they enjoy each other in a beautiful home we visited during our trip to Brazil. This threesome is a special treat -- with a stunning Czech and Romanian girl and their sophisticated sexuality and a free-spirited and flirtatious American girl -- what more could you ask for in a combination?! Delight in the view from this spectacular location...and as a bonus, the kissing, licking and finger fucking between some really hot and very naked babes ;-) Cum see! Only in my living room...

HD Video: Leony and Jake can't keep their hands off each other after returning from a night out. There's some passionate kissing and touching between them, then Leony decides that this time she wants Jake to watch her...strip and pleasure herself in front of him that is. He can barely handle it, but they're both soooooo turned on by the sexual tension filling the room. Enjoy this blonde bombshell as she rubs her clit and fingers her sweet pussy to orgasm. She wants you to watch her....so go do that, and enjoy! :-)

HD Video: During Jake and Sammy's sexy little trip to Brazil, they decide to extend their date one evening by ordering a little room service. And when I say room service, I mean two hot babes in sexy lacy lingerie arriving at your door, stripping, then making each other cum...right in front of you. This little show is just what the couple needs to heat things up and get them in the mood. Then more fun begins when Sammy tells Jake "I hope you enjoyed the show....now is it my turn?" as she's dying to get his cock in her mouth and pussy. Jake is also blown away by the heat in the room, and responds accordingly ;-) (there's plenty of orgasms to prove it!). It's a Brazilian love affair!

HD Video: For all of you Clover fans out there (umm...everyone!) we have a special treat for you tonight. For the first time -- and only with X-Art -- we have this beautiful girl in a tantalizing threesome with new X-Art model Keira and Mr. Sexy himself, Jake. But before we begin, take a deep breath and exhale slowly, releasing any tension in your body. Then let yourself drift into a state of ecstasy as the hot oil drips onto your skin and the pleasure intensifies with every sensuous touch. There's no rush, so cum along with this passionate trio. It's a tantric massage :-)

HD Video: Tonight you will see two beautiful people make playful and passionate love to one another. I feel like the secret to this "tied up" art is absolutely indulging in the vulnerability, just looking into one another's eyes and letting go...feeling every little physical sensation. It's a fun role having The Red Fox tied up and at Jake's will this time (I'm remebering her teasing and gliding her pelvis over Jake as he looked up at her and wanted a taste in "Feeling Frisky"). Either scenario is super HOT with these two, so make one a priority...and for this one, a Rope Priority ;-)

HD Video: What does your paradise look like? What does it feel like? Maybe a beautifully lit space containing one of the most stunning girls you've ever seen, playfully frolicking about and (even better yet) inviting you to watch her as she masturbates -- gently pressing her perfect body into the bed, grinding and masterfully rubbing her moist pussy -- even pulling her own hair just as she climaxes! Sound like a place worth visiting? You will enjoy this one. Bienvenue au paradis!

HD Video: When Angelica and Ben invited their three closest friends over for cocktails and "fun", they probably had no idea just how enjoyable their evening would be. Where these beautiful people go, sexy times indeed follow. And this occasion is no exception! You will be desperate to join in on the fun -- which involves a whole lot of sucking, fucking, and cumming altogether. Good luck lasting through this beautifully erotic masterpiece! You will need it ;-)

HD Video: It's incredible how HOT these two beauties are together, and with Seth, don't you agree?! Watch as they blindfold him, hold him down and have their way with him. The sucking, fucking and cumming is abundant and real. I think Seth could barely handle the voracity of these two amazingiy sexual women! Man or woman: who wouldn't like to wake from a nap to this surprise? :-)

HD Video: New favorite X-Art model The Red Fox pairs up with beautiful Naomi to show us just how lesbian lovemaking is done. These two girls are not messing around. They get right to business from the start. Watch their wet pussies beg to be licked and finger-fucked, then enjoy the orgasms together. There's enough pleasure to go around, so come to me now :-)

HD Video: Get ready to be turned on from the start when THE sex goddess herself appears wearing a black lacy bodysuit and some killer stockings and heels. Once she has your undivided attention (as she easily will ;-)), enjoy her seductive striptease. One taste of her sweet pussy and Markus (aka the famous Marcello Bravo) is ready to go. He then has his turn at teasing Caprice, which is followed by some passionate and beautiful cock sucking by her. How did they even make it to the sex (I am sooo turned on!)....which is earth shattering and super-orgasmic by the way :-) Here cums a double tease! XO

HD Video: Jake is currently involved, but one look at Casey and he knew he had to have her. Before he could properly devise an action plan, he blurted out an invitation, asking her to go back to his place with him. Lucky for Jake (and us), she accepted the invitation :-) After receiving the particulars, she leaned over and whispered to him to go ahead and she would be there soon -- as not to bring attention to the pair escaping together.Flash forward to Jake anxiously anticipating Casey's arrival. As she finally enters, his fate is in her hands. Watch as Casey masterly sucks Jake's cock before turning to sit on his lap and ride him until she orgasms. Then Jake gets behind her and fucks her sooooo good. This sex is HOT. Afterward, she leaves him (and you) dreaming of the next rendezvous.P.S. We will be putting up the correct ending today! But see if you can tell..xoxo Colette

HD Video: I hope you've been lucky enough to experience the incredible chemistry between The Red Fox and our sexy man Jake. Ever since their first lust fest, I'm pretty sure they've both been wishing for another chance with one another...so of course we were happy to arrange the opportunity for them to "catch up." Enjoy witnessing the beautiful thing that is soooooo HOT between these two -- I think it's actually an addiction. But can you blame them? You will be addicted too (if you aren't already!)

HD Video: Casey awakes in the morning thinking about her sexy rendezvous the night before -- she accompanied a beautiful couple back to their loft after cocktails and enjoyed an incredible love making session. The threeway leaves her so hot and wet in anticipation for the next sexy tryst, she can help but pleasure herself in the meantime ;-) Enjoy this Latvian beauty now AND in your fantasies.

HD Video: With Marcus's aerielist skills (aka Marcello Bravo) and Caprice's mystic charm, these two are in for a wonderfully erotic time. Watch the intmacy and intricacy in this beautiful dance between this beautiful couple. And enjoy the vulnerability displayed, which in intimacy just opens up a new world of optimum pleasure. The sucking and fucking is truly an art form -- cum join in on the fun! It's floating emotions. And I am putting this up early so our European members get a good start to their weekend! Don't miss it! xoxo Love, Colette

HD Video: Eufrat and Jessica are two of the most beautiful and enchanting women you will ever meet (or virtually meet ;-)) Aside from their sexual adeptness and mystery that will draw you in, these girls have so much chemistry with one another that you will be dying to join them on the LOVE seat. Enjoy their beautiful bodies and wet pussies...and the incredible and very real orgasms! They will be lonesome without you :-)

HD Video: Christine is indeed one super hot redhead! It's a bonus that her body is incredible (and her personality matches!) We get to see her more intimately here, wearing sexy pink lingerie on our new silver ottoman. Take as many looks as you'd like while she masturbates so passionately. We're talking pink perfection here ;-)

HD Video: Kaylee is enjoying pleasuring herself in bed this morning....but soon realizes she's not alone when Kyle sees her and (although loves just watching her touch herself) decides he can't resist to offer a little help ;-) Kaylee enjoys the touch of his tongue on her clit and pussy, but badly wants his hard cock inside of her now. Watch this real-life couple make love missionary style, then spoon (where Kaylee has an incredible orgasm!), and finally a super sexy 69 position where Kaylee's hand-y oral skills will leave you wanting your chance with her. And you may just get that chance, I hear Kaylee may be looking for other guys (and girls). She is such an awesome person! The best sense of sarcasm and hottest sex scenes (what a combo!)

HD Video: Some connections are developed gradually over time...and then others are instantaneous. For Angelica and Ben, it was definitely the latter. Their sexual chemistry soars above most (both on and off screen!) and they make you yearn for a piece of it! Watch this Russian goddess beautifully strip and seduce her man until he can't stand it anymore and surrenders to her deliciously sweet ass and pussy. She returns the favor with some mouth-watering cock sucking, then some missionary and cum-from-behind play. Ahhh....no words are needed. It's a Russian connection ;-) XO!

HD Video: We all need a little alone time once in a while. Time to relax, rejuvenate, and give yourself some special attention. Emilie isn't shy when it comes to giving herself attention...and pleasuring herself, of course :-) I mean would you be if you had her beautiful body? Those little candy pink nipples and that delicious young pussy nestled between her sexy long legs just beg to be touched. Cum get a peek! This time Emilie is all alone and waiting for you to cum inside her wet pussy. Love, Colette

HD Video: Welcome to the wonderfully erotic world of X-Art sweet Heidi! We're so happy to have you join us (and Jake is VERY happy to have you join him)...in Rome! These two have incredible chemistry from the start, so as you can believe, the sex is phenomenal! What a beautiful place to have beautiful sex! It's perfection....and SUPER HOT! I really can't think of a better way to introduce Heidi to all things sexy and spectacular. Enjoy! XO

HD Video: This lovely leggy girl is one-of-a-kind, as you already got to see in Zeppelin on Fire. It only takes one look into her big blue eyes to be drawn in and tangled up in her sexiness. Here she enjoys stripping out of her X-Art top and panties, flirting with the camera, and delighting in the pleasure that only she brings herself this time -- with the help of a little pink friend :-) Cum in. Stay a while. Tonight is all about Anna.

HD Video: We have all become fascinated with Bailey's amazingly perfect body, and we LOVE that she is so eager to share it with us! I mean what is more attractive than a gorgeous woman with confidence? Wait, I know...a gorgeous woman with confidence AND a perfect ass, perky nipples, and a delicious pussy. Yes please :-) Cum enjoy this Czech beauty...as she enjoys herself. And Happy St. Patrick's Day to all ye Irish loves out there! May this beauty be your lucky four-leaf clover ;-) XO

HD Video: Letting go can be hard to do, except when referring to girl-girl sex, of course :-) In that case, it's easy! Blindfolded and pleasured by a ridiculously hot girl...sign me up! Clover and Tiffany F are two smokin hot bisexual girls that you get to see together for their first time here. I guarantee you will be having sweet dreams of these two after watching this video. Ahh...the sweet surrender...always worth it ;-) XO

HD Video: Poise, artistic movement, and oh-so-enticing sexuality.That best decribes Jessica, who was brand new to erotic photo shoots when she decided to pose for us. A very smart young lady, this raven-haired young beauty – already an accomplished dancer and fashion model – soon decided that fucking her boyfriend, Calvin, before our expert cinematographers was even more fun. And what a delightful cock-teaser she can be! Notice the slight giggle as Jessica pulls down her tight, short jeans – revealing her taught, perfectly toned butt – and the graceful way she raises one leg as her guy begins to lick her ass and finger her young, 20-year-old pussy. Stretching out their dancers’ bodies on the carpet, Calvin shows how he can make Jessica cum even before he sticks his cock into her tight pussy. Now this is how to make music as we all get hotter with Jessica’s musical ballet! Don’t overlook her spectacular hard nipples and full breasts as the tempo picks up and our lady gets fucked harder and faster. Remember when these American sweethearts were nervous in their first shoot? No more – as Jessica lets us hear her moan with real passion as Calvin fucks her doggy style – again with perfect balance and rhythmic, sustained thrusts -- to an explosive orgasmic climax.See Jessica at her first and only location – X-Art. xoxoLove, Colette  

HD Video: There's nothing sexier (in my opinion) than a girl taking her time enjoying pleasuring her man, while getting herself ready-to-go in the process. Maybe it was The Red Fox's intention to blindfold Jake and treat him to an amazing blowjob...or maybe she knew it would get her so turned on that she would eventually climb on top of him and put his hard cock inside of her, riding him and enjoying the pleasure together. I guess it makes no difference when the objects of our obsession are as sexy as these two. And for a bonus, both have incredibly hot orgasms! Get ready to get turned on while The Red Fox and Jake get all oiled up :-)

HD Video: When Ryan surprises Alexes with a sexy little gift, she is delighted and decides to slip it on...just in time, as Ryan walks through the door. One look at her -- and her delicious, natural tits -- in the lacy lingerie is all he needs to send him over the top. This sexy duo moves well together. And the sucking and fucking is mouth-watering. Get in and get wet. The water is nice and warm (and the passion is deep) :-)Welcome to X-Art Alexes!

HD Video: Once upon a fantasy, there was a man named Ryan and a girl named GiiGi, who were so into one another that they literally couldn't go a day without having sex (and I'm talking really really HOT sex!) As soon as Ryan gets home from work, he only has one thing in mind. Conveniently, GiiGi is on the same page...and may or may not be watching an X-Art video just before Ryan gets there ;-). Enjoy the masterful cock sucking and mouth-watering fucking. Ya never know, maybe this girl could be your trophy wife. It's a fantasy happily ever after right? Welcome to X-Art GiiGi!

HD Video: These two lovers are enjoying a relaxing day at home. For Jeryl -- reading a bestseller in bed, and for Casey -- lounging in her comfy, thin white top and panties. It doesn't take them long before realizing that there's much more enjoyment in store for them if they ditched their alone time and cozied up together. Enjoy watching the beautiful new X-Art model Casey as she explores her many sexual sides -- both receiving and giving so much pleasure. She really is so comfortable in her own skin, but wouldn't you be? She is absolutely gorgeous...and Jeryl knows exactly what he's got! The orgasms are incredible and the night is young. Let this X-Art couple send you into some sweet dreaming tonight ;-) XO Colette

HD Video: New X-Art sex goddess Jillian is not only beautiful, she's also brilliant (I mean she has to be for choosing to work with X-Art and Colette.com! :-). Okay, okay...just let her captivate you with her gorgeous body and beautiful doll-like face. Then enjoy watching her get herself wet with her magical silver bullet. Watch her slide it in and out of her tiight pussy as she stares at you with her gorgeous eys (if you can take your mind off her breasts). Smoking hot! We love you Jillian! xxoo Colette

HD Video: It is a very good morning when you're able to start your day with these beauties. How about a nice meditation session to boost internal energy and ch'i? Ivy and Kristen have plenty of life force, as you will see. I would even go further to say that they are OOZING with sexual energy. Cum join these two babes while they get it on and get each other off. It's all about balance, right? Yin and yang, blonde and brunette :-) Get ready to be enlightened!

HD Video: Sophia and Jovan are new to erotica and X-Art, and we invite you to enjoy their sexy romp. Jovan knows that Strawberry Wine is Sophia's favorite, so when he surprises her with this special treat, she gets really hot and wet, basically begging for his giant cock in her mouth and pussy. Enjoy their incredible connection and perfectly toned bodies. We did ;-)

HD Video: For as many words that exist to describe these two stunning X-Art girls, "insanely gorgeous" seems to work perfectly. Susie is a girl you fall in love with ever time you see her (whether it be with girls or boys...or girls AND boys!), and Angelica is nothing short of an angel (in the sexiest form possible). It seems we hit the mega millions jackpot -- in the lesbian erotica kind of way at least ;-) Cum see for yourself! XO

HD Video: The incredibly gorgeous Mila K is absolutely thrilling when she gets horny for X-Art subscribers. Those high cheekbones, those gorgeous eyes -- and a flawless body! You will get as turned on as I do. Watch as Mila delightfully teases us and then strips while the fireplace illuminates this Czech beauty’s delightfully naked body. I just love it as she begins to masturbate slowly -- rubbing her perfect labia --- then her clit -- and finally pushing those probing fingers deep inside her tight, wet pussy. The erotic tension almost is too much to bear. Personally, I love the way Mila slowly moves her hips while she is fucking herself. Trust me -- you will feel the heat from this bewitching heart throb!  Want to know a secret? By the time Mila built to a hard orgasm in this shoot, she was not the only one cumming! She will "do you" as well. Watch and see.

HD Video: The Red Fox (now exclusive to X-Art) is an exotic fashion model whose unique look and sexual appetite is super attractive to Jake (and us, of course!). Join this pair in experiencing their first time together. You'll especially love her mysterious, flirtatious seduction of him, then a really really HOT 69 postion, reverse cowgirl, and later missionary position until they both cum. Join in if you're feeling frisky! Red Fox's first sex scene at X-Art and many more to cum ;-) xxoo

HD Video: You know, the Greatest Generation had Glenn Miller's "In the Mood" when they wanted to swing. But today, wouldn't you rather enjoy one of our all-time greatest -- Caprice -- and her real life love when they make their own kind of music? And when she wants to get Markus in the mood, all that Caprice has to do is crawl into bed, wrap her gorgeous lips around his cock, and let him look into those mesmerizing brown eyes as she sends him into bliss. Be honest: Is there a man (or woman) alive who wouldn't shiver in erotic delight as Caprice straddled him -- 69 style -- and the sex got hotter? I just love to watch this couple fuck!  X-Art exclusives Caprice and Markus truly are in love -- and the intensity of their relationship will make you want to get in "the mood" and cum with them! 

HD Video: "Just the three of us, we can make it if we try, just the three of us...you (and you) and I."Angelica and Ben are two of the sexiest people on the planet, and when Susie joins them for the evening, magic happens. This blonde sex fest is a beautiful spectacle, from beginning to end. I have a feeling they will be asking for the chance at round two soon. You will at least :-) This is fucking perfection my friends. Enjoy moving to the erotically awesome tune! 

HD Video: Imagine two of the hottest, most desirable new X-Art girls. Teal? The Red Fox? A raven haired Czech beauty or the hottest redhead out of the Ukraine ever? Both have received rave reviews from our subscribers. Now think outside (or inside) their box! Imagine that you had the privilege of fucking both of them in a threesome. Impossible dream? Not at X-Art. Warning: this video is not for the faint of heart! One of the hottest and kinkiest threesome sex scenes on X-Art!

HD Video: Izzy's boyfriend discovers that there is no sex like makeup sex. She seeks to make things better by submitting her regrets on bended knees -- and offers up her gorgeous ass and superb oral skills as a reminder of how perfect this couple can be. What is Jeryl to do? He cannot help but caress this Czech beauty -- and then blindfold her as his tongue licks her perfect pussy and his cock firmly focuses on more important things. When this hot twosome gets down to serious fucking, all of Izzy's senses come alive! Watch as Izzy -- exclusive to X-Art -- seduces you with her irresistible charms.

HD Video: Allie may look innocent and shy, but deep down she's confident and full of sexual desires. And she knows how to please herself (what's more sexy than that?!). We are loving this American beauty and are so happy she is willing to share herself with us. Be prepared to fall for this GORGEOUS girl! And take notes...maybe you can learn a thing or two from her and her toys ;-)

HD Video: Do you have an ace? Maybe a 10? When referring to the three of these sexy things, I'd say yes and yes! Watch their game of cards move from teasing to pleasing in a matter of seconds. Sammy and Ashley have incredible blow job talent, as you will see...AND an affinity for group love (yes please!) I can't think of a better way to welcome Sammy to X-Art than to have some threesome fun :-) These babes are soooo hot! Cum get some beautiful erotica...or go fish!

HD Video: What better way to welcome the lovely Belle to X-Art than to have her join sexperts James Deen and Jenna in a hot threesome? I know Belle is taking mental notes while watching Jenna deep-throat and ride James. Then with one mouthful of James' large cock, she knows she wants more. These two girls are super horny, but don't worry, they both get their turn with James AND each other. Three way is DEFINITELY the best way! Enjoy :-)

HD Video: Ryan has an important business meeting that he just can't miss...but Allie is sooo sexy, and convinces him that he can spare a few minutes to have some fun. Little did he know that this beautiful girl is a sex goddess! He forgets about work and partakes in some "risky business." Great decision Ryan. It appears as if every minute was soooo worth it! We definitely think so, and are very happy to welcome a model we've been wanting to get our hands on for while at X-Art!

HD Video: Have you noticed how much the Olympics’ judges look for two bodies that are “in sync” and perfectly intertwined during figure skating competition? Well, if fingering, licking and sucking gorgeous pussy was an Olympic event – and why the hell not? – then Lisa and Natalia would take home the gold! College student Lisa made her debut on X-Art not long ago, and when she took one look at new cummer Natalia, you knew that these two beautiful young women wouldn’t be able to keep their hands off one another for long!  Between us – they couldn’t wait to get their clothes off! You will hate yourself if you miss any moment of this passionate yet tender pairing of brunette and redhead in a hot competition to see who could cum the hardest and the longest.  It’s a fine line in judging who had the best time fucking her partner. I call it an orgasmic photo finish! Do you agree?

HD Video: Allurement is "The act of enticing or tempting someone to a person or course of action." I would say Adriana has mastered the skill. Not only is she captivating and extremely photogenic, but she has an incredible appetite for sex that can't help but demand your attention (in a REALLY good way!) Let her move you...and keep you where she likes you ;-) XO

HD Video: What better way to complete Valentine's weekend than to see these two real life lovebirds have a sexy good time at home? There's really nothing more enjoyable than witnessing true love...and then experiencing some really great sucking and fucking along with it :-) Tiffany and Brandon are one of a kind (or two of a kind, I guess :-)) Get it on with them tonight! XOXO

HD Video: Fall in love with this gorgeous redhead as she shares her amazing body and passion for life (and sex!). There's just soooo much to love about her, I'm pretty sure she will have you crushing (and cumming) soon enough ;-) Ahhh....Ashley. XO

HD Video: All I want is love, peace, and happiness...and a gorgeous, delicious girl like Ashley to remind us of the incredible beauty in this world! She really is a gem, and Jessy soaks in every minute with her (wouldn't you?!) Now go enjoy the touching, tasting, sucking, and fucking that will turn you on and make you love life (and beautiful erotica!) :-)

HD Video: So many of you have been waiting to see this gorgeous young girl in a boy-girl scene...well here she is! And Emilie's as sexy and confident as ever! Just watch the way she sucks and fucks Dylan (and to finish...a beautiful cumshot). You will be mesmerized by their appetite for sex and elegance in doing it. So young, yet sooooo good :-) Seconds please!

HD Video: Kenzie is the ultimate blonde bombshell. Delight in her unbelievable body (as she delights in it herself). We just can't get enough of her and are so happy to share another intimate video with you. Treat yourself, don't cheat yourself (to a little time with Kenzie, of course!) ;-) XO

HD Video: Baby and Kaylee couldn't wait to have the chance to get together again (for only their second time). These two beautiful teens are so perfect...what more could you ask for? Okay maybe to get a taste of each yourself...then get back to watching this amazingly hot sex of course! :-) Pick a good seat because you won't want to miss this show. I know I can't wait! XO

HD Video: At X-Art (and soon Colette.com), we say three is always company :-) Especially when it's three smokin' hot girls! Let Jenna and new sex sirens Belle & Aidra show you how they explore the dynamics of a sexy threesome. This is a first for all of them, and I have a feeling won't be the last. Anyway, they only look innocent ;-) XO

HD Video: Welcome to X-Art sweet Emilie! What a natural beauty. Delight in her flirtatious innocence, then enjoy watching this sexy teen get lost in her own moment while she pleasures herself with a pretty pink vibrator. We are on set with this cutie in her first sex scene EVER ;-) ...See it now!!! xoxo

HD Video: Caprice and Mark are in love (that is obvious). And now they are on vacation on the island of Ibiza. Watch as these two athletes (he is a world champion erotic pole dancer and she is just perfect) make love, make out, suck and fuck until they will make YOU cum. They really love each other and you can see it & that makes the sex even better. The season of love is here! Cum in and get some. xoxo ~ Colette

HD Video: Cum join Angie and Tyler as they take things to new heights (literally and sexually ;-)) And for those of you who haven't yet joined the Mile High Club, get your fix now. Their chemistry is amazing and the sex is just HOT. In my opinion, it beats first class by a mile!

HD Video: Jenna and James are a match made in X-Art heaven. They are both confident and independently sexy, yet together they are like pie a-la-mode! Watch them do their thing in this wild sexcapade at home. And join in if you want. It's always a good idea ;-)

HD Video: Seth was very happy to assist us in giving pretty little Belle a warm welcome to X-Art (a boy-girl kind this time ;-). Her sweet demeanor complemented his, and they both had a super fun time. See these two sexy young things get it on...and get each other off. XO!

HD Video: What's more fun than two girls enjoying time together by letting loose and playing dress up (in sexy lingerie)? Maybe a strong, sexy man like Markus being invited to join in on the fun. Watch the sex goddesses turn each other on, turn Markus on, and turn YOU on all at once. The touching, sucking, and fucking is a spectacle with these two beauties, so cum see them play! :-) I LOVE this one!!! xo Colette

HD VIDEO: Tiffany and Brandon are back!!! And they are better than ever, and they have been together since the sixth grade! They are made for each other! And tonight, tonight they are "in for the night" (with our lights obviously so you can see the action). Watch and enjoy this amazing couple cumming together and back at X-Art! Looking forward to more of them in 2014! Stay in, watch X-Art ;-) xo ~ Colette

HD Video: Tiffany just got off the phone with Brandon, who invited her for a romantic rendezvous the next morning. She's already looking forward to it, but is spending the night alone tonight and just can't wait that long. So she decides to treat herself to a little pre-date play with her pretty pink toy. Enjoy this delicious girl tonight.....and I will see you in the morning ;-)

HD VIDEO: Kaylee and new X-Art model Naomi have been smitten of one another ever since they met. One chilly winter day, they decide to get cozy inside and take things to the next level (or next few levels I guess ;-)) Cum see their desires heat up and let them whisk you away to a whole new winter wonderland. Ahhh...that's the way I feel :-)

HD Video: Ivy and Sebastian sometimes like to shake up their sex life. And this is one of those evenings. Sebastian comes home and Ivy is just feeling really hot and naughty. First she starts by taking him in her mouth, then she fucks him and finally slides her tight ass onto his large cock. She really didn't need very long to get ready and you probably won't either after watching this...(anal warning)

HD VIdeo: You will just love watching our perfect exclusive model Izzy getting herself wet and creamy and making herself cum while you watch. Enjoy the thick moist liquid as it slips over her perfect pussy and all the way down her tight thighs to her perfect feet. This girl is a 10 and the video is awesome. Come in and get creamy... ;-)

HD Video: Misty and her boyfriend are really made for each other. You will seriously enjoy this gorgeous couple making love and fucking like rockstars (how can this happen at the same time one may ask)....well it can. And Misty and Declan are living proof. Live, love and see for yourself how hot Misty is. Can I just say wow?!?

Come and join in on the Christmas morning fun! You'll never guess who and what are under the tree (think orgy)! Hot, hot, hot! I love this one! Merry X-Mas! XOXOXOXOXO You have to watch this! X-Art exclusive girls, you'll only see them here!  Love, Colette

HD Video: Enjoy this delicious kitchen romp between the beautiful new X-Art model Adriana and Tyler. Watch as their playfulness be-cums naughty very quickly. Let this gorgeous couple and scene be a perfect aperitif for your sexual desires. She's a hot one! P.S. Adriana model page coming shortly. She is an All American girl ;-)

HD Video: Jake and Addison (uh I mean Teal, wait no Addison, actually...all of them!) meet and there is literally no turning back. This video is hot from beginning to end. Watch as Jake gets them off and then wait and see what happens. The chemistry here is awesome. and ther IS NO Turning Back now.This one will make you HOT! xo Love, Colette

HD Video: Scarlet and Mr. X already showed us their incredible chemistry in "Raw Passion." Get ready for that and more when the beautiful redhead Christine joins X-Art and this sexy scene. Mr. X raved about these two delicious girls (I'm sure I would too! ;-)) Lucky, lucky man. And lucky girls.. A real fantasy comes true for this man in real life, check it out!

HD Video: Jenna and Anna see Tyler looking sexy, strumming his acoustic guitar and they begin feeling inspired...to seduce Tyler that is! Jenna's dedication to seduction is always impressive, but this time she gets to introduce new X-Art beauty Anna to the mix, which turns out to be an erotically good time. Cum watch this flirtatious threesome get it on. It's like Zeppelin on fire! :-) P.S. HAPPY NEW YEAR (two videos coming tomorrow). P.P.S. Anna's model page coming very soon! P.P.P.S. You'll get the title when you watch the video ;-) xoxo Love, Colette, Petra, Franziska & Brittany

HD VIDEO: She's making a list, and checking it twice, then going to find out who's naughty or nice. Mila K is coming to town! She's helping deliver joy...and a little extra pleasure...for those of you lucky enough to see her festive striptease and unbelievable body! I think this Czech beauty is the perfect combination of naughty and nice (maybe a little extra naughty ;-)). Take a peek for yourself...'tis the season! XO

HD Video: Ashley and Jayden are two of the sexiest girls on the planet! I doubt many would disagree, especially after seeing this naughty scene and photo finish. They really turned each other on, and enjoyed every second of it (and so did we!) Get ready to wet yourself, because these girls are out of this world...and they cum like it too!

HD Video: I can't get enough of watching dancers having sex. So hopefully you guys can't either. This time Jessica and Calvin join us on Ibiza where the warm air makes them even more flexible. Cum inside from the cold; inside Jessica's moist and tight pussy. We all need a vacation about now :-) xo

HD Video: Come a little closer and REALLY see Jericha. She is such a beautiful girl; exotic and all American at the same time. She has the sweetest personality ever, she is really smart and just an angel. Another one of these beauties that I think is just perfect. See her up close and get that warm and fuzzy feeling. Ohhh, she is just soooo cute! And don't mistake that cuteness for the passion that possesses her when she cums. You have to see that too!

HD Video: You know the feeling when your desires are so strong, then finally you're both able to give in to the mutual craving and enjoy all of the lustfulness of the moment?? We need to find a way to bottle that feeling (okay, I'd love to ride unicorns over rainbows too ;-)). Until then, enjoy Kendall and Tyler and their love (for having sex with each other) at first sight...xx

Do you ever find yourself just lazing about on a Sunday afternoon? Well what if you had a girl as hot as Chelsea to let's say "wake you up...". Watch as she takes her boyfriends huge cock in her tiny throat and pussy. A very new and just turned 18 years couple that you will only see on X-Art. This is real!

HD VIDEO: Scarlet is an expert in sex (and "squirting"), we already know this :-) But now watch her show you how precisely she can pleasure herself with her brand new toy. You may actually get a bit jealous of the dildo  ;-) Hmm...cum take the chance! XO P.S. I had actually bought that one for myself and she wanted it so bad I gave it to her. You can ask her on twitter...Oh and another special girl X-Art Europe producer and my partner in all producing beautiful erotica is celebrating her birthday! I am in Prague to be with her tonight! She asked me to add that she wants to thank all of our members for making it possible for me to be here with her to celebrate. And to tell you how grateful we are that you like our content enough to join! So if you're a member, thank you again and again! If you're not, please go ahead and join in celebration of Petra and all things great and erotic. (Love, Colette & Petra)

HD Video: Foot Fetish anyone. Hand-job? Or a hot girl riding you like a horny cowgirl. Cecilia is ready for love and she is going to get some with her boyfriend! Watch this hot young couple do what they love. He is Italian and she is Hungarian, a spicy match if there ever was one! Get Ready...

HD Video: When Jake and Teal meet for the first time, there is literally no turning back. This video is hot from beginning to end. Watch as Jake gets her off with our favorite white toy and then wait and see what happens. The chemistry here is awesome. An early Christmas present for X-Art members...To be Continued very soon!

Sometimes girls just want to have fun. And for Lisa and adorable new X-Art model Bailey, this is one of those nights. They are both in between relationships, so hanging around at Lisa's house they decided to give each other some pleasure. Watch as they finger, suck and fuck each other to satisfying orgasms. Welcome to X-Art Bailey (such a cutie!)

HD Video. Tina is so sweet, so tiny and petite (haha, I didn't mean to rhyme). Here you can join her as she makes herself cum. This video has a strange title because even though Tina is sweet, she still has a huge appetite for sex and getting herself off. So cum and watch this "hot moment"...

Izzy and her boyfriend have plans to head to LA and see America. Sometimes when they talk about it they get so excited that they start kissing, which leads to him eating her pussy, getting her turned on and a hot romp wherever they may be. This time I think Izzy planned it out (putting on the sexy thigh-highs and everything). BTW, Izzy is amazing and exclusive to X-Art! So cum and get her now...

HD Video: Enjoy the seductive play between Jake and Ivy, as she enjoys being tied up and blindfolded and he enjoys her perfect little body. I can't decide which position would be more enjoyable...hmm.. Let them show you the many shades of sexiness (I mean grey :-)) XO )

HD Video: We only allow a few girls in our bedroom and Kendall was one of the lucky ones. She is such a sweet and wonderful person and her tiny perfect body is a feast for the eyes. Watch her make herself cum with her tiny silver bullet, she is out of this world! You will love Kendall!

HD VIDEO: Freedom is overrated when it comes to being restrained by Caprice! Watch her work her magic on Mark, then when roles are reversed and it's her turn to be shackled, see her amazingly perfect body take pleasure in the vulnerability. Caprice has already won us all over, but why not let her "capture" you once more? ;-) xo

HD VIDEO: Does anyone like to watch their wife or girlfriend cum right in front of their face? I know some guys who like that. Paulina likes doing it. Watch as she fucks herself with her fingers until she cums, then she brings out the white dildo and pushes it in and out of her tight pussy hard until she cums all over Jake. She is still not satisfied, so she takes his large cock in her mouth and sucks until he finishes right there. Very, very hot!

HD VIDEO: Kendall and Scarlet do an awesome striptease outside James bedroom window. Of course he lets them in, how could he not? And then of course he fucks them silly and they all cum like crazy! This is "so right!" How could it be wrong? You can't miss this one, worth the membership alone!!!

Can you imagine going to high school with this all-American hottie Jayden? I bet you would be up for skipping class to sneak away and get naughty with her (Tyler certainly has no objection to it ;-)). Enjoy this sexy schoolgirl as she makes you want to be so, so bad.

Misty and Declan are in no hurry to have an orgasm this morning. Watch as they laze about making each other cum like only a real couple can do. I really have a thing for this cute girl! Cum on, we're not in a hurry....

HD Video: This is Ashley's first time ever having sex on camera with a boy and she also had sex with a girl for the first time for us at X-Art. Point being, for her first time I have to say this may have been one of the hottest newbies we have EVER had the pleasure to work with! She has an appetite for sex as fiery as her red hair. Watch this couple fall in love before your eyes and witness some of the hottest passion the internet has to offer. This video alone is worth the price of a membership! P.S. 19 year old American model Ashley's model page coming soon...

HD Video: Actually, "Blindfold me and tie me up" is a recurring theme around here. Watch this absolutely stunning scene as new model Jayden and amazing X-Art exclusive model Scarlet have kinky and hot sex. And this is just "part one"...James steps in for "part two". Happy Halloween!

HD Video: Imagine you are Jenna. And now imagine that you have two hot guys coming over and it is your secret fantasy to have them both fuck you at the same time. (this may be difficult to imagine if you are a guy, but come on suspend disbelief for me for a moment..). Anyway, let's just say her dreams came true and that they were everything she had hoped for. Ending in explosive orgasms for all three partners! Wow! Price of membersip is worth it for this video alone. Jenna is awesome!!!

Dillion's perfect skin and body are illuminated by the soft light and nature. Watch as she makes herself "cumfortable". You don't get to see a girl this beautiful, this close very often. Her huge breasts, prefect ass, long legs and amazing body are almost not believable; but trust me (she really looks like that). She is jaw-dropping. Watch her as she makes herself cum, she wants you too....

How many times can I say the word "stunning"? A lot I guess. Especially when we have girls like Amelie walking onto the set and jaws are dropping left and right. And to make it even better her personality is a 10! She loves what she does, works hard and has a smile for everyone. Also, very intelligent, she will make you laugh and just generally contribute to an awesome atmosphere on set! NOW, watch her strip and finger herself unil she cums. It is so cute as she checks to see if you're watching.

HD VIDEO: Blindfold me and tie me up" is a recurring theme around here. Watch this absolutely stunning scene as new model Jayden and amazing X-Art exclusive model Scarlet have kinky and hot sex. And that was just "part one"...James steps in for "part two". And let's see who wins this little control game. But no matter, they all had fun and amazing orgasms. Is there anyone out there who doesn't like to be blindfolded?

You are invited in to watch the hottest couple on the internet make passionate love. Angelica is so young and beautiful (perfect body, face, smart and a ballerina), she is unreal. Join in with these lovers at home....(you will want to) ;-) xo

Who doesn't want to look into those baby blues while our amazing hot X-Art model cums like crazy. I really think this girl does the best best masturbation scenes out of all of our models (well that is hard to say, becasue there are so many great ones, but she is for sure on top!). AND she ALWAYS has a real orgasm. I know it turns me on. Watch and see for yourself. Love, C

HD Video: Caprice is Mark's "naughty girl". They love to try experimental sexual acts together. Here you can get a taste of them exploring new things. Watch as Matk slides his huge cock inside Caprice's tiny pussy and ass. This gorgeous, acrobatic and sexual couple can only be found on X-Art. Lucky for me and our members Caprice can be a naughty girl for all of us ;-) xxoo ~ Colette

Susie and her boyfriend like to invite other guys into their bedroom for a little fun. He loves to watch her with another man and she likes the naughtiness of it all. Get ready for some HOT body language with one of the cutest blondes you'll ever see!

HD VIDEO: That is just what Clover is "So Beautiful". Watch this video and have a happy Monday. This Russian princess who met us on Ibiza is breathtaking and oh so sweet. It's impossible to get enough of her. Her boyfriend is lucky!

Do you ever fantasize about having two hot girls tying you up and making you cum? Well even if you never have had this fantasy, you really should...I mean Eufrat and Caprice are two the hottest bisexual women on the face of the earth! And they are VERY skilled with their tongues, fingers and sometimes a dildo to help. This is one of my favorite lesbian videos EVER! Cum on in and get all tied up!

HD Video: Sometimes you just really need a vacation. Kristen and her boyfriend have a quick getaway to Ibiza. Finally when they arrive on the island they can let loose. Watch him push his big cock into her tiny pussy. This couple has been together for 5 years and they just get better and better. Cum on and join in on their "much-needed" vacation.

HD VIDEO: When Baby first started at X-Art she had never been with a woman, much less a group! Caprice had much more experience and she brings her little X-Art sister into a really hot and pssionate couples session. All four were so turned on. Watch as they give each other multiple orgasms. This is an Amazing photo set from an absolutely awesome HD video coming soon. I just really love it! And even if groups are not for you, I suggest you watch this one anyway. The passion and love will appeal to men, women and couples. It is just really great to see a combination like this, especially when they are so into it. We had a blast shooting this scene ;-) A Very rare gem that you will only see on X-Art! (Putting video up early for evryone becuase I know you've been waiting).

Kiki and Kaylee are a really perfect pair. They are both extremely sexual and love girls. Watch as they make each other cum with their tongues, lips, fingers and a pretty large vibrator. The awesome HD Video for this one has two parts (there was just so much great footage). Amazing beauties! And here it is part II HER TURN!

HD Video: Cassie is pure perfection. A perfect body, beautiful breasts, gorgeous face and eyes you could just drown in. Watch her here as she explores herself and gets turned on. The soft breeze kissing her skin feels cool as she heats up from an intense orgasm. Oh Cassie my love!

HD Video: It's a "Bohemian Rhapsody". Watch Jessica and her boyfriend make hot love on Ibiza. This dancing, erotic and awesome couple can not be found anywhere else. Only on X-Art. They had their first time with us and they were so beautiful that we brought them on our Ibiza trip. You will love this one. Have fun looking in on one of the hottest couple's on the planet. Wow! Stunning....don't miss this. XO ~ Colette

HD VIDEO: We are in love with Kenzie what more can we say? Watch her cum. She will be back to see us soon. Yaay!

HD Video: The title says it all! Watch two of the best blondes in the business give each other amazing orgasms against a backdrop of crystal blue ocean and sky. Catie is wearing my favorite bikini! These girls only have sex with girls on camera and they really LOVE it! I'm not sure but I think they like men in their personal lives as well as the ladies. Either way, these girls are pussy lovers, you will see it all here! Very hot! The best blondes! (well Brig would say except for me LOL). But check this one out and see what you think!! XOXO Colette  

HD VIDEO : Up early for a beautiful Sunday! Come and join this amazing couple on their intimate journey in front of the camera. They were first and only at X-Art. Watch them as they become more comfortable with the world watching their dancer's bodies and souls as they connect sexually in the most erotic of experiences right before your eyes. Come with us on a journey...

HD Video! They meet again. And this time they are not fooling around with marriage or divorce. They are just going to have HOT sex (beware of anal). This is what they were always best at. Watch them reconnect, Wow!!! Background information: Silvie and Jake were just married when we shot them on Ibiza! Then they divorced and we shot them with other people. Now they are together again and showing us their true selves (Only at X-Art)!

Awesome HD Video UP EARLY Happy Friday!!! On a gorgeous sunny afternoon Carrie and Jake play a game. Today, she is the one in charge. Watch as she shows him what she wants by taking his huge cock in her tiny mouth and pussy and riding him until the sun sets. She teases and pleases and uses her amazing personality and adorable body to drive him wild! Then it is his turn to take her from behind until he bursts with pleasure. You can taste the passion between these two! xo Colette

Jenna and Jessy have a hot date night. They were getting ready to go out when they decided to stay in ;-) Jenna is always awesome, enjoy her all dressed up! What a lucky guy to have a girl this hot who is also a "deep-throat" expert....his first shoot with X-Art and he really lucked out. Don't you want to be him here? Or you can just sit back, relax and watch then make love, suck, fuck and have amazing orgasms ;-) XOXO ~ Colette

HD VIDEO: Angelica and Ben are absolute perfection. When they go out and people see them they always think they are famous because they are so beautiful! Watch these two movie stars make each other cum. They LOVE sex ;-) XO ~ Colette

Just like the sun! Beautiful with golden blonde hair, watch Charlotte strip out of her turqoise sundress and make herself cum. This video is sure to brighten your day.

Two fo the hottest brunettes around get wild and crazy while making each other cum hard. Wherever Jenna is, fun follows! Watch this and have some of your own (fun I mean). The title says it all. These girls are smokin….

A super HOT video of Leony and Jake! (beware if you don't like anal, but you can still watch the beginning). This couple has really great chemistry and Leony is just oozing (is that a word? 'oozing'?) sexuality. Watch them as the heat of thier passion takes them to new heights and new adventures. Come in and come from behind! Leony is a wild one!

HD VIDEO: After a few drinks at a resort Vicky and Dylan meet for the frist time. They find a secret place overlooking the ocean and start talking. Well, Vicky came on that vacation for one thing and she knows what she wants. Luckily Dylan is a willing victim. Watch them hungrily ravage each other until he finishes with a huge load of cum all over her face! (Ok, I know it sounds "porny" for me to say "huge load of cum" haha I was laughing at myself while writing it, but it's TRUE). This one may be a little hard for true X-Art style but Vicky LOVED every minute, she is awesome!!!

HD Vide Chelsea is another stunnng all American girl who just turned 18. She and her boyfriend came to X-Art to make a video. She is 4'11 with size D breasts (and they are real I promise). She looks just like a doll. If you were her I bet you would want to show your beautiful naked self to the world too! They were a little amateur because it was their first time. So we went slow with them and just let them do whtever they wanted. Have fun watching this beauty and her man. Again, only on X-Art! It's sometimes really cool to watch a couple for the first time. Because you never have to worry about faking, they just do what comes naturally to them. These two have been together since middle school (for 6 years). They are so cute! I mean 'cute' in an extremely hot way!!!

HDVideo: Watch these two beauties make each other cum with a pretty white dildo. Kiki is a naughty one and Kaylee is a rocker. Watch them rock each other's worlds! This is a HOT video, real orgasm. And part two is coming!

HD Video: On a Summer day, we have a Winter scene for you. It starts out with Leila and James playing in the new snow just outside Prague (she flew in from Hungary and he came from USA to meet there, his first time in Prague.) They instantly have an ice-melting connection! Watch as they make-out and she climbs on his face. Then an awesome 69, followed by a few different positions including her riding until she cums. Leila knew what she wanted that day and the cold weather was not going to stop her! So come on....cum inside ;-)

Welcome to Paradise! Who hasn't had this fantasy. Girls? Guys? Gianna? Watch Gianna, Tyler and Pablo have a private party on a yacht off Ibiza (and you are invited). This lucky girl gets her wish, as she takes it from both guys. A true vacation fantasy and a REALLY cool video. Seriously do not miss this! (I know it has been long awaited).

This is the very first time Jocelyn ever took her clothes off for anyone but her boyfriend. Just turned 18 years old she came for a casting and decided to stay...She is so pretty that we made room for her to do a gorgeous masturbation video instead of breaking for lunch (wouldn't you!). Watch her here, her first time. Such a beauty. So hot and so sweet!

HD Video: Caprice and her boyfriend Mark have been a huge hit on the erotic circuit in Europe. Think Cirque du Soleil but with lots of naked people. Mark (Markus actually) is an aerialist of the finest caliber and a star in his own right. He is also one of the nicest guys on the planet. Makes sense why Caprice (definitely one of the nicest, coolest and of course most beautiful girls I've ever known) would have chosen him. Well you can see them around Europe at various erotic fairs but you can ONLY see them making love on X-Art. They are one of our exclsuive dream couples! I think it's really cool to watch two people who are truly in love sharing their awesome bodies and heightened emotions with us and our members. I'll put the HD Video up from this set early. I really think men, woman and couples will enjoy it. I just love to love these two! Seriously HOT...

HD VIDEO! The beautiful Bree is back and as a redhead! Watch her make some digital love to herself with a pretty silver vibrator (it's mine actually, but I let her borrow it). She is a stunning girl that we love to shoot whenever we get the chance! Wow, just wow ;-)

HD Video: What happens when you leave two naughty, experimental girls in bed (wearing just their panties) with a camera and, what the fuck, a dildo as well! You had a peek in last week's hot photo set. Now get ready for the awesome HD video -- and watch and listen as these two special girls have real and breath-taking orgasms! Can you tell how much they are into each other? I hope that their boyfriends aren't jealous ;-)

HD Video! Everyone meet Amelie, this adorable and sexy beauty shares some special Malbu moments with X-Art regular Tyler. Watch as their natural chemistry takes them to new heights of pleasure. They have really hot sex on our living room rug (in front of the fire) until he can't hold back and finishes all over her perfect ass. I think you will love this pair! P.S. She is a 22 year old American cutie (with Latin or American Indian roots - I can't remember which she said). Either way she is gorgeous and hot and that is a fact! Happy Labor Day USA (video up early for you guys ;-) xo ~ Colette

HD Video (up early for loyal members)!!! You know when some things just work out perfectly, well this was one of those times. Dillion and Jay just clicked. Two beautiful brunettes getting it on hot and heavy in our movie room. Watch as they ravish each other's lithe, young bodies and have hot sex from multiple angles. Dillion is so stunning that I can't belive she is single. Jay couldn't believe his luck. Amazing natural breasts and one of the most perfect bodies (and pretty pussies) I've seen! This is an X-Art must see ;-) A perfect match!

HD VIDEO: Introducing new X-Art beauty Kenzie. The pictures say it all here. Could this gorgeous (and just 18 years old) girl be any more perfect? Enjoy her first of many. Seriously, you will rarely see a woman this beautiful naked. This was her second time in front on a camera. I think she was amazing, but see for yourself as you watch her cum ;-)!

Catie is at X-Art for the first time (well this was her second time actually). Her first time was at our house with Charlotte. Either way we loved her and Jenna so much that we brought them back to play on my pink bed! Watch as these two wild girls make each other cum hard! Sugar & Spice ;-) P.S. Catie's model page coming later tonight....

Wouldn't you like to be woken up like this? Jake gets lucky again and this time with a new stunning Eastern European princess! Sweetie takes his huge cock in her mouth and tiny pussy. They passionately ravage each other until he pulls out to cum all over her perfect stomach! Hope everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend in the USA!

HD VIDEO: And why shouldn't they (Love themselves I mean)?!? Jenna and James are two of the hottest models around (well and so are Scarlet and Mila and Tina and Caprice and oh well, you get it we do have a LOT of awesome models). Butt, (notice the spelling, so anal haters beware) Jenna has her first ever on camera anal sex with James here. They personally both love it and had a GREAT time making this video for you. . Wow, just wow! I love these two togther!!! Even if you don't like anal check out the beginning; you won't be dissapointed... Love, C

HD Video: Sometimes it just is: Raw Passion. That is what happened here with Scarlet and Mr. X. This scene was sorching hot. Honestly this girl is amazing, she loves sex and is just so intense. Watch them make love from multiple positions until they BOTH have AWESOME orgasms. Shot by our amazing director of "Burning". Don't miss this raw passion, it will make you hungry! And you get it early again (so you can enjoy your weekend ;-) Love, Colette

HD Video! A romantic tryst in an old and beautiful hotel. Angelica and Ben get away for the weekend and he is sneaking in everywhere. A really cool, fun and hot time with an amazing couple. You can't miss this one!

HD Video: And these two really are girly, girls. Both like men in private, but you will only catch them with another lady on the internet. To me they are two of the cutest little brunettes around and I like girls! This video has some hot action. These lovely, petite cuties pack a lot of punch and know how to make each other cum. Check it out. I promise you will have fun!

Angelica is a bad, bad, girl! Watch her strip to some FUN music and make herself cum hard! She loves music, it turns her on. This girl is soooo hot and naughty! She BAD (in a good way ;-) XO

Natalie and Johhny have been searching for that perfect partner for a while. Finally they found each other. And did they EVER find each other....Turns out that she is one of the horniest girls on the planet and Johnny can barely keep up with her! Watch their first time together as he pounds her tight pussy with his hard cock and she LOVES it! A couple I would guess we will be seeing a lot more of... Alone no more!

HD Video: Re: Loving James Deen..it seems like so do a lot of models, girls, men, ordinary people and probably his family and pets too. Anyway, today it is Tina's turn to "love" James Deen and we got really lucky. The chemistry was amazing. I think Tina looks a little bit like Jame's girlfriend and she has an instaiable appetite for sex. Watch him push his huge cock in her tiny pussy as she moans with delight. She is so little  (maybe 90 lbs). Then watch her ride him until she has an awesome orgasm. Seriously, do not miss this! You won't regret watching this video whether you love James Deen or not. You may become a fan or a deenager or whatever he calls his groupies ;-) LOL P.S. Tina's model page coming soon...

HD VIDEO! Isn't spontaneous sex sometimes the best? Jake and Carrie really hit it off in Prague and their little tryst continued to the island of Ibiza where Jake continued his cooking skills in the kitchen and then some...Watch these two hot, young (um, can I go as far as calling them nymphos?) Anyway, they both REALLY enjoy sex. So I know you will really enjoy this video of them making love and cumming all over the kitchen counter! Sooo spontaneous (it is!)

Stunning Jericha (and it actually is Jericha this time) has an awesome Malibu moment with Tyler. Watch them enjoy the view at our house and then get turned on by the romantic evening and head into the bedroom for some Amazing and HOT sex. She rides him and has a hot orgasm. He takes her from the side. Finally she finishes him off with a blowjob and he cums on her face. I know this sounds naughty but it is also REALLY beautiful!

HD Video: Let’s be honest. Any video that begins with the impossibly beautiful, blue-eyed Scarlet masturbating and squirting with a toy has to be terrific! Enter the equally stunning Jenna with James in tow and you have – instant threesome! Caution: This video is not for you if you don’t like watching gorgeous women having real orgasms! Watch for Jenna’s superb licking of Scarlet’s pussy while her playmate sucks cock. The fellatio funfest that follows between these two brunette beauties and their guy is delicious. And when Scarlet hops on his cock and the hard fucking begins, watch as she suddenly cums so hard that she screams. Yes, this really happened! Again. And again! Scarlett squirts the bed in ecstasy until, exhausted, she lets the dreamy Jenna take her turn. This lovely, petite gymnast also gets drilled deep into her tight pussy as we marvel at her full, rounded tits. With a cock inside her and a toy vibrating her clit, what choice does Jenna have but to cum hard as well? Then Scarlet returns for another round and a cream pie finish that will leave you begging to see it all over again. Now we know why James Bond couldn’t get enough of “Pussy Galore!”You can see Scarlet and Jenna in this unforgettable threesome only at X-Art, the home of beautiful erotica.

HD Video! And doesn't the title say it all? These two beauties are definitely clean and they are for sure "wet" in more places than one. Watch as they rinse off their most intimate areas and have some awesome orgasms in the process. Anneli and Clover are perfect. Oh, and Clover will be joining us on Ibiza ;-)

HD Video. Another stunning and really fun girl joins our crew of X-Art beauties. Meet Kiki. A Ukranian cutie who strips for you here and makes herself cum. If you like skinny girls with magical eyes, Kiki is for you. And she is a lot of fun too! Cum with her!

It is a triple threat tonight, but the biggest threat is from Charlotte! This girl is wild and she goes to town on Amelie and little Chloe Lynn. All of the girls have an amaizng and fun time (resulting in multiple orgasms). Naughty, horny girls must get excited by the ocean view over here or something or other naked girls or guys with cameras (or girls with cameras lol)… Lots of fun shooting this one. Watch and see if you can tell who's in charge?!? Love them all, very hot! BTW, we didn't tell Charlotte to say that, it was obviously the first thing that came to her mind...

An Amazing groundbreaking cinematic Erotic Experience! What lengths would you go to for Silvie? You must watch this awesome film, it is just so cool! I can promise you have never seen erotica like this before!

HD Video: Mila is back for her second shoot with X-Art. Enjoy this beauty as she strips and makes herself cum for you. She is such a stunning girl. Lots of positive comments may convince her to try a little more. We just want her to be happy! And so will you watching her orgasm ;-)

HD VIDEO: Kaylee and Angelica. Two more X-Art superstars are paired together for an Amazing lesbian experience. You will only find Kaylee in boy/girl sex scenes on X-Art and she actually had her first experience making herself cum and with a woman on or off camera at X-Art. And Angelica is just one of the hottest women on the planet! So really enjoy two of the greatest beauties on the planet as they enjoy eachother. And maybe cum along with them...

HD Video: It has already been proven that Kaylee and Kyle are made for each other (that is a fact). See them here in all their glory. Making love as her perfect breasts sway in nature. We absolutely love this X-Art exclusive beauty! Kaylee is made for X-Art! ;-)

So if you ask a girl what one of the things she wants from her man is, it would be for him to make her feel beautiful. Believe me, no matter how pretty we are, we still love it when you make us feel HOT! So sit back, enjoy and watch Calvin make Jessica feel beautiful. And then watch what happens after that. An amazingly awesome and exclusive couple that you will only see on X-Art!

HD Vide: Jake and Leony hit it off immediately. And after many requests for a boy/girl sex scene on the aquarium table ...here it is! Get in your voyeur position as you watch them make-out, make love and cum all over the glass. Very interesting and cool to say the least. Check it out!

HD Video! HOT chocolate is one way to describe this amazing beauty and Mr. X is lucky enough to get a chance with her! These are photos from a really cool and cinematic video that is coming of these two having REALLY awesome SEX. They were so into each other. But truly, who couldn't be in love with Ana!?! She is a dream. Amazing. I am sure you will love this one! XO Colette

HD Video. Lisa's first time with a girl!  These Czech beauties have hot lesbian sex on their apartment floor. Wacth them make each other cum. Lisa liked it a lot! (who wouldn't with Caprice).

HD Video: Introducing another heart-stopping beauty ~ Mila! She just started erotic modeling and so far she loves it. Watch her here, naked for the cameras for the first time. Let her slide out of her cotton panties and show you her perfect pussy as you stare into those huge blue eyes! Wow, just wow! More Mila to come...and cum...

HD Video. Caprice is an amazing beauty. Watch her strip and make herself cum. It's a wonderful waltz that you won't want to miss...

We all have them, don't we? Dark desires I mean. Well Kaylee is no stranger to getting in bed and letting her mind run wild. Watch her here in this HOT solo video we shot of her in Madrid. See if you can figure out what is in the head of this rocker chick while she cums. She is the embodiment of naughty and nice ;-) 

HD Video. Sometimes there are no words. And sometimes our mouths are just full ;-) Our new model Janie (model page coming soon) is really into Jake (this seems to be the case lately).Watch them make out and make love. A really hot couple that will get everyone turned on. You will hopefully be left speechless....

Still together and committed and going strong after all this time! Sexy Kaylee is back again showing us all how to have hot sex! This couple is really a dream come true! Watch them make each other cum again and again. They love to be watched.

Here she cums! Baby on her own and hot as ever! Oh Yeah Baby! Watch her cum ;-)

Imagine you are on vacation with Baby and Gianna...two of the hottest girls on the planet. What would you do with them. Go for a swim? Have them suck your cock at the same time? Take turns licking their perfect pussies and then fuckinhg them like crazy until you were all satisfied and laying in the sun. Sound good?

HD Video. Jessica and her boyfrend are both models and dancers. This is their first time making love on camera. They were absolutely amazing! We feel so lucky to be blessed with two peolpe wo are so beautiful and talented (and willing to share their bodies with us). Enjoy this model couple. You won't see them anywhere else. Love, Colette

HD Video. Dreams do come true (for Angelica's boyfriend especially). Watch this beautiful couple make love for all the right reasons. They are so natural and into eachother. They will make you want to fall in love or have an orgasm or both...Either one would be good ;-)

HD Video. Oh Mia! What else can I say?  One of the hottest scenes you will ever see.  Mia was literally jumping up and down with excitement to shoot with James Deen (and they don't disappoint). Does this look like the face of a girl who is not satisfied? They really like each other and she is horny. She is also one of the sexiest and most awesome girls on the planet. Enjoy her enjoying herself here.  

Izzy's first time with a girl and she is lucky enough to be with the sex goddess that is Caprice! Watch as Caprice teaches her to lick, suck and finger until they both cum. She is a quick learner. A hot and beautiful video that you won't want to miss!

(The Morning After) HD Video. Ahhh, the morning after! Well that could mean a few things (some good and some bad). In this instance it means the morning after Caprice and Mark's wedding night. Watch them wake up and make love again. And it is just as beautiful and hot as their wedding night. They get to explore each other in the soft morning light and really make each other have amazing orgasms. It so cool to watch them because they are really in love! They both travel for work so when they get to see each other on camera with us at X-Art they are sometimes so hot for each other that they can't even wait. I just love them! You'll have to watch this HD and see what I mean ;-) Love, Colette

Do you ever wonder if girls really do get off with the shower head?  Well, you don't have to wonder anymore; it's true.  Watch Suzie show you what I mean.  An awesome and hot orgasm from a legendary model! 

Silvie and Lorena are a magical combination. Come on a ride through the looking glass and watch these two brunette beauties make each other shake with orgasms. Long, lithe bodies, amazing camera work=the hottest lesbian video ever! You will love it ;-)XO Colette

AWESOME, cinematic and hot HD video! Carrie gets her wish to have hot sex with our exclusive guy Jake. Watch them make each other cum. True hot passion can not be faked. An amazing HD video of these two. P.S. Check out their oral skills! 

HD Video. Ready or not, here she comes! And watch her cum ;-) World meet Izzy! A super-cute 22 year old who has the face and body of an angel. And the personality to go with it. Relatively new to baring her body for the camera, she had a great time! Watch her show you all of herself up close and see if you don't fall in love! Her first lesbian experience with Caprice coming soon also. #smitten

Alone with Clover.

She is a vision in white.

We can't get enough of this enchanting princess.

Watch her strip for you.

Then watch her perfect pussy pulse with contractions as she makes herself cum in HD.

Clover is so real, she doesn't know how to fake it.

Very hot ;-)
 

HD Video. Capri in her first ever interracial scene with the absolutely stunning and amazing Ana! These girls really want each other. Beautiful contrast and hot sex. Ana is awesome inside and out and you will get to see all of her here! Love, Colette

HD Video.  Alice and Bunny are bad girls.  I mean 'bad' in the BEST possible way ;-)  They are hanging out and painting their nails when their friend comes over.  The two love bunnies decide that they are horny and start taking advantage of him.  A hot and spontaneous orgy ensues. Think of everything you would want in a threesome. It gets so hot that they almost break the couch!  One of the few times you will see the amazing Alice again.

 HD Video. Leila finally gets her wish to have two of the hottest guys on the planet inside her at the same time! Our male contract star Jake and super-star James Deen! A smoking hot scene that all three enjoyed to the fullest (Leila actually sent me a Facebook  message on her way back to Budapest and one of the memorable sentences from the message was: “Thank you for James Deen”. I thought that was really cute.Watch as these three gorgeous people make out, make love and have an extremely passionate threesome with double penetration. Even if you don't like anal, you should watch the beginning anyway. The chemistry is just SO great. Seriously, men, women and couples, don't miss this one!

HD VideoConnie's shape is like a beautiful instrument; imagine a perfect cello.  On a hot day on Ibiza Connie asks her boyfriend to play her like an instrument.  He is an expert and she responds perfectly in tune.  Watch this beautiful couple as they have real vacation sex.  Truly like a symphony.  Play Me!

HD Video.  This amazing Spanish beauty finally graces us with her presence at X-Art!  One of the hottest models we have ever worked with.  Lorena is so innocent, yet so sexual and her smile lights up the entire room!  We are hopelessly in love and you will be too.  Watch her play with herself on the glass table.  Super-cool effects and beautiful photos.  More of Lorena in some steamy action coming soon ;-)

Have you ever had one of those mornings (or afternoons even LOL) when you just want to go back to bed?

Well it's been one of those days for Presley and all she wants to do is get in bed and make herself cum.

You know sometimes it's nice to slide your hands down and relax yourself under the sheets...

Watch as she fucks herself with her fingers until she has a really hot orgasm.

You may just decide to go back to bed after watching this ;-) xo

Colette

 

HD VideoThis was an additional scene we shot the same week as the upcoming feature "Burning".  All I can say is that Silvie is smoking hot and Mr. X finally got his wish to have sex with her.And this is just a warm up!Meet me in Madrid baby ;-) 

HD Video

Lucky Barbie is one of the first European ladies to meet up with US superstar James Deen.

I have to say how pleasantly surprised I was at how real and passionate all of his scenes turned out.

They start by kissing and staring into each others eyes. You can
feel the heat and desire from them both. Then he expertly makes her cum
with his mouth.

She is super-hot for him and begs him to take her from the side and in missionary.

A realistic roll in the sheets with two beautiful people.

Don't you want to jump right in? 

HD Video.

Watch two of the best girls in California (or actually the world) make each other cum like crazy.

A lazy Ventura County beach day, they are laying on the couch after
some frolicking in the pool wearing borrowed t-shirts (Elle has on mine
and Mia has on Brig's).

Soon their fingers find the way into each others pussies and their
tongues follow. These girls know what a girl wants...if you know what I
mean.

Watch them shake with pleasure.

Here are photos from one of the hottest lesbian videos we ever shot!

So happy that Elle hearts girls.

We <3 you both!
 

Beautiful or Wonderful, this HD video is both!  Sharing is caring ;-)  Ivy and Sebastian are totally in love, but that doesn't mean that Ivy isn't ok with giving a little present to her man every now and then.  Today the offering is Susie, lucky guy!  Watch as experienced lovers Ivy and Sebastian lead Susie in an erotic dance. It is an sensual and hot for Ivy as it is for Sebastian when he pushes his big cock in Susie's tight and perfect pussy.  Enjoy as the girls make out while Sebastian fucks Ivy's friend.  They all have awesome orgasms and a great time.  It's a beautiful and wonderful world (especially with these three in it!)  

Baby likes sex in the morning the best (I think a lot of girls do, I do anyway).

Watch her and Tyler as they wake up together.

He licks and sucks on her perfect little pussy and then she returns the favor by taking his hard cock in her mouth.

When she is really wet, he pushes himself inside her tight pussy.

They are so comfortable with each other and the chemistry just flows. They move in unison until they both have orgasms.

He pulls out at the last possible moment and cums all over her flat stomach.

Good Morning Baby! 

HD Video.  Caprice is getting married!  Well not really, but this is her actual boyfriend and they are shooting exclusive scenes for us at X-Art ;-)  Watch this Amazing couple (they are truly stunning) as they have passionate wedding night sex.  The emotions are so real that I can't imagine it will be any better on their ACTUAL wedding night. (Really, I can't...)  One of our best videos ever, raw passion!  I promise you won't want to miss this one.   Love,  Colette 

HD Video  Happy Birthday Capri! (And to me, my Birthday is this weekend ;-)  This is another kind of silly and fun video that I produced and directed (haha, so not X-Art style, but we had fun and I think it will be fun to watch for a Birthday party LOL)  Watch as Kiera and Scarlet sing Happy Birthday to their friend and then the two strippers (that the girls ordered bring in some champagne and the party really gets started.  Capri takes the directing position and starts telling everyone what she wants them to do for her birthday. Suck this, fuck that etc. etc....  It turns into a big hilarious orgy! Again, this one is not fully X-Art style (umm or at all really) but it's my Birthday this week, so let me have my fun ;-)   Hope you like it! And just have fun with it!  Birthday wishes and joining of X-Art are appreciated for my celebration! XO  Love you all lots,  Colette

Lia is in love.

Watch what she does alone in her bed.

She pushes her fingers inside her tight, wet pussy while she imagines her lover.

Enjoy as she lets loose and has a very real orgasm.

She is so into it she forgets we are even filming. She is making love to herself, the camera, her lover and you...

Such a hot and gorgeous girl!

 

A true X-Art special.

Enjoy this cinematic and fun video.

Baby and Tyler are in for a big surprise and you are invited to celebrate with them.

Watch this adorable couple in their apartment and experience the most intimate moments with them.

I am sure everyone will love this one!

 

Scarlett is an amazing model.

She is extremely sexual and loves to be watched.

Even though we don't have models "squirting" often on X-Art, she insisted that she could and would.

Otherwise she said she wouldn't enjoy the orgasm as much.

I think she had about 5 orgasms in the video!

Very hot and naughty.

Beware only watch the HD video if you are ready to get wet.

She is HOOOOTTTTT!!!
 

For some reason Kiera reminds me of Snow White and Jay the prince.

See what happens at the end of the fairytale (the part that is #nsfw LOL)

Kiera is a fun and wild girl.

Watch as she teases and pleases Jay.

Enjoy the contrast of his strong body and her tiny frame.

A beautiful match!

 

Nadia just turned 18 and contacted us to try out nude modeling.

She was very shy at first, so we just let her go with the flow.

Turns out she had a great time and a real orgasm in her masturbation video.

She is a mid-western American girl with Russian heritage and a dancers body.

Watch her make herself cum for you for the first time in this HD Video. 

HD Video! Truth or Dare? Do you remember playing that game as a kid?  Have you ever played it with "grown-up" friends.  This HD video will be another addition to the Naughty-Colette produced and directed collection. And I think the photos are really great too!  Everyone had a lot of fun making it! (especially me ;-)  Watch these two hot couples as they switch, swing, swap, fuck and suck until the guys finish on their friends faces. And really, who can beat Mia at a dare (when she can give upside down blowjobs? I mean she is a contortionist! Come on, that is so cool!). Four of my favorite people in the world in one scene. Hope you love it!  Doesn't it make you want to have a little party and play "Truth or Dare"?  XOXO  Love,  Colette

Two exclusive X-Art superstars fly to meet each other in Madrid and the result is awesome in this HD Video!

Both Kaylee and Baby had sex with a women (and a man for that matter) on camera for the first time at X-Art.

Well they actually had sex with a man for the first time (on camera)
for X-Art but they both had their actual first time lesbian experience
(on or off camera) with us.

Turns out they both love it and each other.

Watch them use their new-found skills while they make the other cum. Together, at last...oh yes! 

HD Video  Scarlet and James have insanely hot passionate sex!  You would swear that they are a real-life couple.  Great shots of her beautiful eyes and perfect body as she sucks and rides him.  He makes her cum with his mouth and then slides his large cock in her tight pussy. You can hear the pleasure from her involuntary moan.  Moving together until they can't hold back for the explosive finish.  Young and restless is an understatement.

Crystal Clear and amazing HD video will turn you on even if solos are not for you.

Bunny always likes to surprise us with one of her pretty glass toys.

So we let Bunny do what she does best and show us how to use it.

A really hot masturbation video with awesome, real orgasms.

This is a wild Bunny if there ever was one!

 

A great love affair is like a dance. Get ready for an enchanting "Sapphic Waltz".

Kaylee and Clover just seem to go together like peanut butter and
jelly (or whatever goes together well...you know what I mean LOL).

Anyway, watch as they explore each others tight and perfect pussies for the first time.

See them delight in making the other have an orgasm.

They can really work their fingers tongues and their favorite toy.

These girls are hot! 

Amazing cinematic HD Video!

Capri and Tyler are a couple in real life. We have been seeing a lot of them lately. They have such cool personalities and are SO in love.

The video we shot the same day as the photo set is one of my favorites ever (honestly, it is).

They are so passionate and real and the cinematography is awesome! You will see them on the beach, making out and making love like only a real match made in heaven can. 

HD Video

Another real couple and they have hot sex for X-Art.

You walk in to find fashion model and student Sandra sprawled across
the bed. Her perfect creamy skin, raven black hair and petite pussy are
all glistening while she wakes from a dream.

She beckons you closer, you feel her dampness with your fingers.
Then she pulls your head between her legs. When she is really wet you
slide your throbbing cock into her surprising tightness.

You move with each other, pushing in and out until both of you reach orgasm simultaneously.

You pull out and watch your cum drip from her insides onto her
creamy white and perfect thighs. Ahhh, real love is nice. (And it is
also pretty f***ing HOT). 

I don't know if any of you guys know this, but in my younger years (teens actually) I did a little bit of fashion modeling. When I never grew past 5'7 by 19 years old I retired.  Anyway, so many of the photographers were such weirdos (obviously not all photographers are pompous a-holes LOL). Most are pretty cool. But, I thought it would be funny to try and direct Tyler to be a jerk (if you know him, you would see that he is actually one of the nicest guys on the planet; so his acting skills are really quite good here!). I had to keep reminding him to be a jerk, the girls and I were cracking up the entire time! I also had to keep directing the girls to act like they didn't want him (because they both thought he was really hot, which he is...and so are they).  Soooo, long story short (or kind of long I guess) this all adds up to a whole bunch of fun.  We put the red fake-leather furniture on the set to make it seem a little cheesy and 80's-style too. But for me, it works. It's a little bit of comedic relief and hot sex in a world filled with seriousness.  And now if you want to watch a REALLY HOT AND FUN THREESOME then check this one out. It may not be fully X-Art style but it is a few laughs and some great orgasms.  Really what's wrong with that? "Are you doubting my Artistic Integrity???...."LOL  xoxoxoxooxoxo  Love,  Colette 

Stunning Russian beauty Angelica and her hot lover had a lot of fun while we shot this video.They choose some hip techno music to dance around and strip to and then continued making love to the beat!Watch this awesome couple get turned on by the music and then enjoy as he slides his think cock into her tight perfect pussy.They continue grinding to the beat until she is shaking with orgasm and he follows.
An amazing couple with the best chemistry.
Don't miss this one. It is so cool (and REALLY hot too)...


Talk about a "Dream Team"!

Angelica, Caprice and Leila are probably some of the hottest girls I
have ever met and they all LOVE sex (and each other, yaay!!)

Watch these three stunners literally cum together.

Imagine being invited to this sleepover party....

Sounds like fun, right? Cum inside and see just much fun they are having!

This HD video was shot at night, so it is a little darker and artistic. You can pretend you are really in bed with the girls ;-)
 

Watch this magnificent woman strip and play with herself.

Legs that go on forever.

Eyes that will see right through your soul.

Silvie is a mystical and mythical, real-life Siren.

See her cum in HD.

Awesome new feature with Silvie and Mr. X (think James Bond, but explicit) coming soon too! 

Jessica has her first lesbian experience ever and it's with Anneli.

Watch as she is tentative at first but then really gets into the grove of using her fingers and tongue.

Then she lays back and relaxes as Anneli brings this stunning beauty to orgasm.

BTW, Jessica liked shooting with us so much that she is coming back (and bringing her boyfriend!).

So you should be being seeing a lot more of Jessica AND you get to watch her develop and experiment with her sexuality in HD. She is great!

P.S. Cool "technicolor" effects in this video!

 

Gorgeous girl next door Presley rides Logan until she cums on a bed of roses.

Watch this perfect pair make-out, make love and cum hard.

Highlights are: awesome oral performances from both.

She gets really carried away riding him.

He fucks her slowly from the side and finishes in her mouth.

(Ok the roses are a little cheesy, yeah I know). But these two are a Hot and fun couple.

Jump in bed with them! 

She's a wild one!

She LOVES sex and has a really kinky side.

In this EXTREMELY hot video watch Bunny have multiple orgasms while James pleasures her orally.

Then he pushes his big cock in her tight pussy while she has her pretty glass toy in her ass (this was her idea). She loves to have sex like this in real life and wanted to do it for the cameras.

Watch her ride him and cum again while she is filled up completely. And finally she asks him to push himself inside (instead of the glass toy in her ass).

If you don't like anal you can still watch the beginning. If you like it, you will LOVE this one! ;-)



 

Gianna is waiting for James in Apartment #4.

This scene is as hot as the firing burning in the background.

Watch them make out and make love.

I would swear they are a real couple from the video (but they are not).

But I can say that they were totally into each other and this makes for a steamy shoot that will turn you on.

Cum inside Apartment #4 and watch what happens, you won't be disappointed.
 

Light as a feather, stiff as a board.

Does anyone remember that game that kids play (or used to play)? When all of the kids put their hands under one person and try to levitate them...

Well it would be pretty easy to do with Alice (she is a very petite "featherlight" girl).

She and Seth get in a pillow fight and then their rowdiness turns to passion.

Watch this little fireball suck him and ride him until he can't hold back and has to get on top.

A really good match and fun video.

Watch it and see if you levitate (or get stiff as a board ;-)

~ Colette

 

Absolutely stunning fashion model Jessica poses nude for the very first time! This is her first HD video.  Her long black hair hangs below her perfect bottom and her piercing blue eyes will melt your heart.  Watch as she slips off her white panties, shows you inside her perfect pussy and makes herself cum!  An unbelievably beautiful and sexy girl.  Her first lesbian videos are in post production now, so stay tuned ;-)

If you'd like to see some hot girl on girl action with two awesome all American beauties; who love the ladies...

Then this HD Video is for you!

This was the first time they had been together and Mia being new to the business was really excited to work with the legendary Lexi (let's just say she knows what she's doing).

Watch as Mia and Lexi passionately kiss and get turned on.

Then these two hotties make each other cum with their tongues and fingers until they are moaning with ecstasy!

A really fun video starring two amazing girls.

Hope you love them as much as I do <3

 

Totally cool, artistic and OUT of THIS WORLD HD video.

Watch Angelica make herself cum as you watch through glass.

Really erotic, exciting and so hot!

Even if solos are not for you, truly have to see this one!

XO

~ Colette 

In this HD video Baby and Tyler have now become friends with benefits.

They love making love to each other but sadly it doesn't seem like it is going any further.

Sometimes an everlasting friendship can be just as good as true love.

Watch here as they expertly please each other.

She knows just how he wants his cock sucked and he knows just how to fuck her to make her cum.

Sometimes it's nice to just have a good friend around.

 

Alice may not look it, but she is old enough know better and young enough not to care!

This gorgeous, little princess shows her beautiful body and pussy up close.

Look into her stunning eyes as she makes herself cum in crystal clear HD.

A beautiful, natural (girl next door) that will make everyone swoon.

She is captivating.

Age is just a state of mind anyway (as long as you are over 18) LOL.
XO ~ Colette

 

Kaylee Loves X-Art!

She even wrote it on the chalk board in her Madrid apartment.

Another super fun video from this amazing couple.

Great lighting and nice close-ups.

Enjoy them enjoying each other!

Kaylee ~ You love X-Art? We LOVE you!!!

XO

~ Colette

 

"Could Hamlet have been written by a committee, or the Mona Lisa painted
by a club? Could the New Testament have been composed as a conference
report? Creative ideas do not spring from groups. They spring from
individuals."

~ Alfred Whitney Griswald ~ (1906-1963)

Angie is a real life Mona Lisa.

Here you find this work of art, alone in her bathroom and missing you. Watch her make herself cum.

Don't miss her....
 

Caprice and Clover give each other REALLY AWESOME orgasms.

Both of them are very sexual by nature (but not slutty, if you know what I mean...)

They had some fun with their tongues, fingers and the Hitachi Magic
Wand (I prefer the mini Hitachi, but some girls like the original best).

Anyway, Clover had not been with a woman before this day and she
truly found that she loved it (Caprice has always enjoyed women, but has
a male fiance' now).

I hope you Love this Hot HD video!

 

In Love with Lexi? Who isn't?

Enjoy this HD video of a truly beautiful, fun and smart girl!

Watch her strip out of her black lacy panties and make herself cum.

Beautiful angles and hot close-ups of her orgasms! You will love It ;-)




 

Baby and Tyler stop home to their apartment for some steamy, hot sex and and an 'afternoon snack'.

They both have some lunch as he licks and eats her pussy until she
comes. Then she begs him to enter her, but to finish in her mouth (she
said likes that the best).

A super-cute couple that we just keep loving all over again.

Watch this HD video and see if it makes you hungry....XO

~ Colette 

Bunny is brand new to the adult business and she is already loving it!

We thought she would make a cute match with Logan and it turns out we were right. They were so adorable before they started shooting; Logan was teaching her some meditation techniques and they were doing some yoga on the floor. Really great vibes from them both.

And the best part is that they both truly loved the sex!

Watch them pleasure each other orally and then make passionate love from multiplel positions.

Real and hot action and cool visuals with his long cock in her little pussy. Spinner lovers: Bunny is for you!

Well actually Bunny is for all of us in HD today ;-)


 

A quickie on vacation. Who doesn't love that?

Logan is playing with those cool things you spin around. I don't
know what they're called, you'll have to watch the video and see if you
can let me know.

Well he sees Addison swimming up to him in the pool and decided to put down the 'spinny' things (good choice).

They make out, he fingers her and she proceeds to give him an
awesome and wet blowjob. They both have satisfying orgasms, which is
really great for relaxing by the pool afterwards.

Ahhh, vacation fun (you should try it ;-) 

Beautiful blonde, Mia in your bed wearing a red satin nightie and panties. This is already a dream come true!

Now enter Danny (they are friends with benefits in "real life" and live next door to each other. So they were very comfortable doing what they do for fun for our cameras.

Watch these two gorgeous humans turn each other on and get each other off.

Mia is super flexible with a gorgeous pussy and Danny has a huge cock. (I know that sounds kind of 'porno' but it's true). They are also both really cool people...

Hope you love the video as much as I do ;-)

~ Colette



 

Kiera's FIRST sex scene ever! And she was a total natural.

She and Seth had great chemistry and I could have sworn that they are a real couple (maybe they are now...).

Great ready to enjoy this beautiful, petite girl with huge eyes as she gives an amazing blowjob and rides her lover like a pro.

Then he flips her over on her side and missionary and finally comes on her perfect body.

Very hot and very fun. Don't miss Kiera's first sex on camera! (And... can you even tell it's her first time doing this???)

Watch it in HD and let me know what you think...

Love,

Colette
 

Our new stunning new X-Art model Tiffany is from the United States but was traveling in Europe.

So since we had a shoot going on there anyway, we paired her up with
our new contract male star Jake (BTW, he is Silvie's ex-husband).

Well, they REALLY liked each other. Watch this hot affair unfold as he fingers her tight pussy and she takes him in her mouth.

When they can wait no longer, he pushes his large cock into her
wetness and they urgently move together until they both come to a crazy
climax.

Two really hot people, that are totally smoking together.

Don't miss this awesome video in HD!

P.S. Tiffany says she has to be really loud when she has sex to enjoy it, so she may get a little carried away when she is cumming ;-) 

Adorable Lexi is back at X-Art and more beautiful than ever (5 years later)! Love her here in HD!

She was one of the first models that I personally shot photos of (when she was just 19 years old).

Now watch her get 'ready for bed' and get into bed with Tyler. They make love, make out and give each other really awesome orgasms.

They are a perfect match and are actually pretty close off- camera too...

We've been wanting to get Lexi in bed at X-Art for a few years now and we finally did! ;-)

Love,

Colette


 

No one here is crying over "spilled milk"....

Especially when it is poured slowly all over Angelica's perfect body
before and while she has hot and steamy sex with her lucky boyfriend in this hot HD video!

Watch him finger her amazing pussy while the milk runs down. Then he
pushes his big cock into her milk-drenched wetness (there is more milk
spilling in the video than the photos to be perfectly honest).

I am sure you will all love this one. I definitely was turned on watching it and I see a lot of this stuff!;-)

Love,

Colette




 

Mia is a REALLY fun girl!

Watch her run into the room and jump on the bed (in slow motion). She dressed herself up in a vintage garter and thigh-highs (she said it made her feel sexy).

Then, while we are all watching, she lays down, spreads her legs and starts masturbating. And she really knows what she's doing. She gets lost in her own ecstasy and forgets she is on a set.

She opens her eyes after she has an orgasm and is like ahhhh.

I wonder what she was thinking about while she was cumming. Did she know she was being watched and like it, or was she in her own world? I think I'm going to ask her, but in the meantime watch the video and let me know what you think is going through her beautiful head?

Love,

Colette

P.S. Bunny BG HDvideo coming tonight ;-)

 

Finally a splash of color on X-Art!  Lia and Ray are a young and loving couple.  And they are extremely hot for each other, so it was kind of tough to keep them from getting carried away here ;-)  Watch them make out, make love and have some really awesome orgasms.  If the video seems a little 'porno' to any of you, it's only because I seriously couldn't hold them back (they were sooo into it).  It's also a little different than our usual style of lighting, but I just wanted to have some fun. Hope you like it!  Love,  ~ Colette  

Mary and Anneli are two of the hottest blondes in the world.

Watch what happens when they get together in the woods for a private "picnic" in HD.

They are both single at the moment and hot for an orgasm.

So after they enjoy their lunch, let's just say they enjoy dessert too ;-)

Very sweet, very hot and very beautiful.

Makes me want to have a picnic, how about you?
 

Experience Kaylee and Kyle like never before.

After an evening out, they arrive home and ravish each other. They are crazy horny after a few drinks and want it bad!

As their relationship matures, so does their love-making and you can see it here....

This HD video is so good that I can't do it justice with a proper description.

You'll just have to watch it yourself and let me know what you think ;-)



 

Beatrice is one naughty little lady.

And she can definitely handle more than one man.

On vacation with her boyfriend she convinces him to invite another guy in for some extra fun.

Watch her handle both of them with pleasure.

A tropical vacation fantasy that I am sure more than one of you have imagined.

See what you think  about this HD Video ;-)
 

Join Kaylee and Kyle on a private weekend trip to Madrid.

They get to experience the culture of Spain but they also have some passionate sex in their rented apartment.

Imagine you are there: watching them kiss, at first tentatively, then she takes him in her mouth until he's hard.

Next she lays on the bed and spreads her legs, guiding him inside her tight pussy.

What would it be like to have those mile-long legs wrapped around you? Come and find out in HD as our X-Art exclusive fashion model has a beautiful afternoon with her lucky man in an apartment in Madrid.




 

I think everyone wants a girl like Caprice.

She is beautiful, smart, sweet and really fun.

She also has some of the hottest orgasms you will ever see captured on camera and this HD video is no exception.

Watch her strip out of her fancy lingerie and make herself cum like crazy.

This is really hot. Even as much of this as we see, everyone at X-Art was turned on during the post production of this one.

Caprice, we love a girl like you! 

A brand new beauty and her first time getting naked for cameras. 21 year old Lisa is a really sexy girl next door type, who also looks like a famous actress.

She was shy at first, but since she had some fashion modeling experience she caught on quickly.

Watch her strip and make herself cum for the first time.

I am sure you will love this naughty girl!

One thing she is not, is invisible ;-)




 

Addison and Gianna look so much alike you would almost think they were twins!

Imagine you are at a secluded villa with a panoramic view of the ocean, enjoying the warm day with your two look-alike lovers.

They take turns sucking your cock and letting you have your way with them however you desire.

But you can't tell which is which. Who's perfect pussy is that one? Which big eyes are looking up at you while you're in her mouth? Who's long dark hair is brushing against you. Which perfect ass are you squeezing?

 It starts getting really confusing, you are "Seeing Double"!

Watch the video and let me know if you can tell which girl is which ;-)

Have fun.

Colette
 

Mary ~ alone, naked in the woods masturbating. Waiting for you.

Those eyes, that body, that perfect pussy!

What more can I say....

A HOT HD Video ;-)
 

Connie and Aaron have a sacred romance.

Enjoy these two, beautiful natural lovers as they ravish each other by the pool.

Watch him finger her puffy pussy. And then push his huge cock inside.

If you like large, perfect breasts you will love to watch hers as she makes passionate love to him.

A feast for the eyes and emotions.

 

In this awesome HD video Angelica and Ben were outside when it suddenly started pouring down rain. The weather can't always be perfect.

So, getting really chilly they bolted inside to the hot shower. Don't you love that feeling (you know the one you get after being really cold and then getting under a steamy hot shower).

The shower warms them up from the outside in and it's not long before they are kissing passionately as they wash each other off.

Angelica slides down and takes Ben in her mouth, he is already hard.

Next he picks her up and moves her tight pussy onto his pulsing cock.

He pushes inside her, letting gravity pull her down so he is further inside than he's ever been.

They keep at it as long as they can balance and until he can't hold back finally finishing as the warm water rains down over their taught and spent bodies.


 

Angelica and Eufrat are both bisexual. They love men, but deep down they have a "deep longing" for the touch of a woman.

Both dressed in their favorite sexy leggings, they delight in pulling them off one another.

Next they explore each others perfect and tight pussies.

Watch as the lick, finger and EXPERTLY make each other cum.

Seriously two of the hottest women on the planet together! If you
don't have an orgasm after watching this video you might
want to check your pulse (kinda kidding, but not really).

I love it and hope you will too <3

~ Colette
 

It's cold outside, but it is warm inside Susie and Clover's toasty Prague apartment.

As warm as it is inside their hot, pink and tight pussies (OMG I'm
laughing at myself that sounds pretty corny, oh well it's true ;-)

This is Clover's second lesbian experience, her first was with Caprice.

Watch the girls gently finger and lick each other until they both have orgasms.

It is always more exciting when a girl like Clover is new to other
girls and really likes it. You can feel her excitement through the lens.
 

You know sometimes those spontaneous moments of passion are the best!

I remember one time Brig and I were cooking dinner like this and we uh, well you know,,,,

So imagine it happening to you. And watch Ivy and Sebastian demonstrate.

They are a real couple, totally into each other and completely love showing themselves to you.

Watch them start out making dinner and finish with dessert and umm
beware this set contains some 'back-door action'. So if you don't like
it, skip that part. But if you like it, love it! 

Baby is back for more in this HD video.

Just 18 years old and insatiable she wants Tyler bad.

Watch her take charge as she mover herself into position on his face. You can feel her pleasure through the pictures.

Next she goes to work on his large cock, stroking and sucking until he is pulsing hard.

She climbs on and rides him until she's satisfied.

Finally his turn. When a girl like Baby wants you, fasten your seat belt and get ready for a ride.

A beautiful and powerful angel that know what she wants ;-)
 

Come to bed with Clover and watch her have an awesome, REAL orgasm.

Indulge in this beautiful girl, her perfect breasts and petite body. Watch her quiver with pleasure. Imagine you are there.

The sweetest dreams, become reality.

More Clover soon! 

XO

~ Colette

 

A yoga master and his student (stunning, flexible, gymnast Mira). Two passionate dancers united by lust and energy.

After a long class the teacher wants to have a little time for his own practice. Unfortunately, or fortunately for him one of his students has developed a crush on him and followed him out to his private place.

When they are alone at the pool, she starts moving in for a kiss. She flirts and teases until he can no longer resist her young, lithe body.

He gets on his knees and buries his head in her perfect pussy, she moans with ecstasy. When she is wet and ready, he climbs on top.

Next, she straddles him and rides until she cums. Finally when he can wait no more, he pulls out and explodes on her perfect frame.

Namaste. XO ~ Colette

P.S. I dearly love yoga and mean no disrespect to the practice. This is all in good fun ;-)

 

Kristen and her boyfriend go for an afternoon run.

When no one is looking they settle on a park bench.

He pulls down her gym shorts and starts fingering her until she's wet. Then he can't resist her taste and moves his tongue over her sensitive parts. She has an orgasm from the stimulation and excitement of being outdoors and pumped from the workout.

He turns her over and enters her from behind (literally).

It's always a good idea to workout together...

P.S. If you don't like anal, then skip the end (you can still watch the first part).

P.P.S. I find nothing wrong with anal when done properly, but everyone is welcome to their opinions.

Love,

Colette


 

"Anyone who says they can see through a woman is missing a lot." ~ Groucho Marx (October 2, 1890 � August 19, 1977)

So don't overlook Ivana, you will be missing A LOT.

Enjoy this sweet, smart and sensual girl, as she strips and plays with herself for you in HD.

Imagine being in the bed with her and listening to her breathing get heavier as she brings herself to orgasm.

Now it's your turn, she's ready.
 

Have you been naughty or nice this year?

Either way we have a present for you from X-Art.

Watch as Ben gently opens Angelica's pussy, she raises her hips into position just above his face.She balances gently at first, her hand resting on his hips, his hand touching hersHe starts with his tongue gently and her head rolls back as she experiences waves of pleasure and ecstasy.As he opens her further, he can envision how amazing it will look when his cock is buried in the tight folds of her flesh.
After she rides his face to multiple orgasms, she lowers her head and
opens her mouth, allowing his cock to slowly push past her lips. Her wet tongue gently encircles the head of his cock.Suddenly, she lets her
jaw open as wide as she can and she pushes the head of his cock against
the back of her throat. She wanted to touch her lips against her hand,
now wrapped firmly around the base of his cock. She's surprised how
comfortable it is now that she's relaxed and aroused. He can feel her throat
closing around his cock as she pushes it as far down as she can. In
unison, he returns the pleasure with a well timed glide of this tongue
across her pussy lips and her clit.Both moan in pleasure as they climax on the other.
A nice nap after and then waking up for a Merry Christmas. I love this HD video and think it is one our best ever! Members, hope you do too ;-)
Happy Holidays! XOXO


Baby enjoyed exploring men and women at X-Art and now she wants to try her first threesome.

We asked her to choose and she requested Susie.

Who could blame her. Susie is an exquisite, sexual creature and she knows how to show Baby the ways of the world.

Baby's exclusive partner Tyler is the lucky man who gets to experience her first time.

See how they do.

And then they were three...

Love,

C

 

Have you ever woken up really horny and your partner was SOUND ASLEEP next to you. Ahhhh!

Did you start masturbating (secretly hoping they will wake up and join in??)

Well that is exactly what Angie does and lucky for her Tyler wakes up and HE DOES join in ;-)

Watch as she takes his large cock in her small mouth and tight pussy.

See her ride him until she cums.

Finally he pushes himself all the way down her throat only to pull out and cum all over her GORGEOUS, natural, breasts.

Morning Desires are real and it is great when they can be satisfied.

Happy New Year Members!!! We Love You All! I hope 2013 will be awesome for everyone!

XOXO

~ Colette
 

Imagine a warm sunny vacation, a drink in your hand lying at a private pool with the sun caressing your skin. (Well, be the girl or the guy, whichever you want).

Her personal butler comes to refill her drink and she looks up at him through her shades and sees that he is checking her out. She is completely wet and turned on and beckons him closer.

Mad, passionate, wild sex poolside ensues (in the sunshine with a perfect stranger).

She is small and creamy and he is dark with a huge cock! A beautiful and interesting combination and a vacation they will never forget.

Join them in HD (and bring your wife if you want ;-)

xoxo ~ Colette



 

LIPSTICK LESBIAN: "The expression is
slang used in the United States to describe lesbian and bisexual women who
exhibit extremely feminine gender attributes, such as wearing make-up (thus, lipstick), wearing dresses or skirts and
having other characteristics associated with feminine women."The term is thought to have emerged in wide
usage during the early 1990s. A 1997 episode of the television show Ellen, widely publicized the phrase. In
the show, Ellen DeGeneres, when asked by her parents whether a certain woman is
a "dispstick lesbian", explains that the term is "lipstick
lesbian", and comments that "I would be a Chaptick lesbian." (This is all per wikipedia)Sooo, now you know. And now I bet you want to watch these really
feminine, bisexual beauties their first time together! Actually, we already
posted a scenes of Baby with Susie and Anneli, but this was actually both
Mira's and Baby's FIRST time with another girl EVER (this was shot before those).
Watch as they tentatively explore each others feminine parts and kiss. Then
enjoy as they truly discover the benefits of the softer sex. They figure out
pretty quickly how to bring the other to orgasm with their mouths and fingers. They prefer men as life partners, but I believe they will be
enjoying both sexes for a long time now.Very
cool HD video coming next of these absolutely stunning girls! And the video is
much more explicit than the photos. XO ~ Colette

A love story.

Or love on a rock would be a better way to describe this set.

Enjoy gorgeous Gianna with the wind in her hair, the ocean at her
feet and Pablo's HUGE cock in her,,,,(well you get the point).  Or
actually she does.

These two are really great friends and some say that the best love stories start with friendship.

Enjoy the view from everywhere.

Hope you love this HD video. 

Well they really did like each other.

Addison and Logan requested to have another scene together. So of course we said yes.

This time the weather was better and we could shoot it outside with the view.

Watch them together for the second time.

Enjoy as he makes her cum with his mouth.

Then watch them get in the pool and you will see something really unforgettable!

A surprise at the end (how many of you have seen an actual underwater cum shot?) OMG, sooo hot!

DO NOT MISS THIS, it is too cool! XOXO ~ Colette

 

Have you ever had one of those mornings where you find yourself waking up after a naughty dream.

Either you're in bed with yourself or your partner, but either way
it is a luxurious and sexual fantasy that makes you want to linger in
bed (or head to the computer ;-)

Imagine waking up and finding Baby or Tyler in your bed and all of the sudden your dreams become a reality.

Watch them passionately kiss, then as she is still rousing he uses
his fingers and mouth to get her ready. As he enters her, she moans with
pleasure.

Their love making heats up until they both have orgasms while the
morning light washes over their perfect young bodies.

Enjoy these two
beauties together again in HD. 

Baby is a real angel.

Admire her natural beauty as she strips and plays with you.

See her up close getting her make-up done, then relaxing in a chair.

Watch as her fingers drift between her legs.

She leans her head back and forgets we are there as she brings herself to orgasm.

A beautiful and natural girl with an enchanting smile.

Even if solos are not your thing, watch this one. I think you will love it ;-)

Truly, there are angels among us! 

Perfection is, broadly, a state of completeness and flawlessness.  Have you ever wondered what it's like to be "inside perfection"? You probably have, hasn't everyone?  Well no need to wonder any longer, let us show you.  I mean, let Angelica and Ben show you ;-)  Enjoy this utterly amazing couple as he brings her to orgasm with his mouth and fingers.  Then watch him enter her tight pussy, see her moan with ecstasy. I am telling you these two had the entire crew turned on. Soooo hot! They truly love sex and each other and you just can't fake that.  Ann Extremely awesome HD video.  So, if you're a member cum on inside perfection right now!  XOXO ~ Colette

And that is exactly what Beatrice wants: For you to cum with her.

Our beautiful 24 year old woman/girl makes her second appearance at X-Art.

Tonight she is on her own with candles lit and she is thinking of you (or me) or whoever is watching this ;-)

Something is just so extremely enticing about her. It may be her soft, pale skin or her large breasts on her petite frame. Or maybe it is just her raw sexuality.

You'll have to watch the video to see what I mean. She really is worth it and she really did cum. Hope you do too (with her). XO ~ Colette

 

"I don't know the question. But sex is definitely the answer." ~ That is a quote from Woody Allen

Every time I see these two together it turns me on, they are just so real and true. It's like they make you want to have sex!

Get ready for another amazing video from Kaylee.
This time they are making love in nature by a waterfall (well it's from a pool, but it's still a waterfall). And it looks really nice.

She really loves sex and you can tell when you watch this how much she is enjoying it.
 
After she has an orgasm, he follows by finishing inside and filling her with cum. Watch them show you this as his large cock slides out of her tight pussy.

Another awesome ending. OMG, so Hot!

Members you will love it.

 



 

The view here is unforgettable. The scenery, the ocean and the girl.

Look into Addison's gorgeous eyes and imagine running your fingers through her long, lush hair.

Watch as she strips for you, shows you inside her pussy and makes herself cum.

And now she's wet and ready get ready for more. This is just part one..... 

Hot and Wet would be the best way to describe stunning X-Art model Gianna in this awesome HD video.

You've see her in action, now get to know her more intimately here.

Enjoy her beautiful curvy body as she gets all wet in her cotton tank top and panties.

Than watch as she sexily slides our of them and makes herself cum.

Look in those eyes and be mesmerized. 

Tarde Espanola = A Spanish Afternoon.

Which is exactly what Addison and Logan and enjoy on a beautiful and breezy day in Spain.

Addison had just broken up with her boyfriend and Logan steps in to take her mind off it.

After some oral pleasure and really passionate sex, it seems like these two may have become an item.

Watch her take him all the way down her throat and enjoy her pleasure as he makes her come with his tongue and fingers. Then she rides him until she has another orgasm.

Finally, he finishes inside.

Ahh, an afternoon in Spain ~ doesn't it make you want to take a vacation?

 

This girl is beyond words.

She is so unbelievably beautiful, powerful, graceful and sexual (well I tried to find some words).

She is a dancer and an enchantress. To see her is to love her.

Meet her here on a chilly evening as she gracefully slips out of a
tight black cat-suit. Watch as her fingers find their way to her already
wet pussy.

And then notice how she truly loves to be watched while she cums.

We all decided that she is definitely one the best models we've EVER worked with, if not the best!

Enjoy her first HD video for X-Art.

Lots more Angelica to come VERY soon (in BG and GG scenes too)!


 

We are in heaven and we are loving angels.

You must see these girls together to believe this.

Honestly, you may feel transported to another world.

Enjoy the ethereal, unreal beauty of these two exquisite blonde angels as they make each other cum.

They discover and delight in their similar bodies. Like sisters or
twins (but they obviously are not related because that would be weird).

Anyway, if you are a member check out this HD video and see what I mean.... 

Susie is a dream girl.

Imagine being able to make love to the girl of your dreams in the location of your dreams.

Watch as Susie handles Pablo's HUGE cock and they ravish each other in paradise.

Visually stunning (and I personally love the braid) ;-)

Awesome in HD ;-)
 

"It's not what I feel for you, it's what I don't feel for anyone but you."

Connie whispers this to her longtime boyfriend as they make passionate love in paradise.

A beautiful HD video that I am sure you will all enjoy.

Watch this gorgeous couple make love like only real soul mates can.

A very romantic and hot video at the same time.

Enjoy Connie's gorgeous curvy body and large breasts as she handles her lover's huge cock.

I can say "cock" and still be romantic right?? LOL

Well, you'll just have to watch the HD video and let me know if "cock" and "romantic" are OK to be used together in one description??

Love, Colette
 

Soul Mate: "Your other half. The person who completes you. The person
who makes you feel over and over again like you have butterflies"Ivy came to our recent shoot on Ibiza and she brought her real boyfriend and soul mate with her. She was so excited that she convinced her real-life lover to have sex
on camera. I cant wait to see what you guys think about her with her
real man versus the actors.
Watch them show their skills orally and all of their favorite positions as a couple all in HD!


Elysium: where admission was initially reserved for mortals related to the gods and other heroes.

At X-Art we feel that Kaylee and Susie are as close to goddesses as anyone could get.

If this magical place did exist you can imagine the goddesses
pleasuring each other like Susie and Kaylee do here amidst soft,
heavenly light.

With their fingers, their mouths and finally rubbing their sensitive pussies against each other they bring the other to orgasm in crystal clear HD.

Two beautiful angels in a magical Elysium, they will make you swoon.

P.S. (You'll just have to suspend disbelief with regards to the couch ;-) 


 

Many couples have had them, you know those fights (sometimes brought on by a night of drinking and unfounded jealously).

But what I'm wondering is how many of you have had the awesome, hot make-up sex that comes after??

Well here you can watch the drama and passion play out: as Ivy and her real guy exercise their acting chops and their hot bodies for your enjoyment.

She takes him in her mouth and he he pushes himself inside her with such passion.

The action is so good, it's like being right there in the room with them.

I really like this HD video and hope you guys will too! XOXO ~ Colette

P.S. I hope anyone who has had a fight with their lover recently can watch this and get some ideas to make-up ;-)


 

Kaylee and Kyle are still together.

After their first time.

After losing their virginity to each other.

And after everyone else has tried to convince them to share their sexuality with other companies.

Bu it is only here with our family at X-Art that you will be able to
join Kaylee and Kyle on their journey through their beautiful and
sexual lives.

Enjoy these stunning photos of two very special souls. (And they may just get you completely turned on too, that's OK!)

Love them here in HD!
 

In the early 80's sex was still a good way to meet new people. ~ Stacy 1988

Caprice and Ivana are hanging out together and feeling a little
sexually frustrated, so they decide to go to work on each and bring on
some orgasms.

Ivana wants to take it a little further so she invited over her
friend Jacob to make love to her while Caprice watches and helps out.

It is in fact some casual sex, but it is very HOT nonetheless.

P.S. Ivana's model page is coming a little later. She is a 20 year
old student from Czech republic. She is very horny and adventurous. 

"When I was young
I never needed anyone
And makin' love was just for fun
Those days are gone
."

Songwriters: BROONZY, WILLIAM LEE CONLEY

Baby's first solo scene EVER ;-)

This is the first time that Baby has ever brought herself to orgasm in front of a camera.

She is a true natural and everyone loves her, watch and see.

Baby will never have to worry about being all by herself. I am sure someone will always be there for such amazing girl! XO ~ Colette




 

Mira's first sex scene EVER!

She insisted that it be with Mr. X

Need we say more?

Love,

Colette 

Imagine cruising the ocean in a sleek motor yacht with an even sleeker blonde as your passenger.

This is actually Baby's first sex scene EVER. The one with Tyler "Young Passion" was filmed the day after this one.

Here you can watch as Logan pleases her with his oral skills and she does the same for him.

Until the ocean, the boat and their young bodies ignite some real excitement and passion.

Enjoy their connection as he takes her while the boat is rocking and applaud our director for catching this action so beautifully!

It is not easy shooting on a boat and this is for sure a day to remember!

Experience the HD video now and you will have the photos soon too. We have been rushing to get the new content up, so photos are still being retouched ;-)

P.S. If anyone noticed: Baby's model page had said her age as 19 before. But then she emailed me and told me since she is only 18 she doesn't want to look older than she is, so if I could please list her real age. She is exactly 18 years and 6 months ;-)
 

Diana is another gorgeous 'girl next door type', who decided to try nude modeling just for X-Art.

A soccer (football) player in high school, she is spending the year
abroad during her first year in University. Some of her friends told her
about X-Art, so she contacted us to see if we would hire her.

She was pretty shy at first, but totally wanted the experience. This
is her first time masturbating in front of anyone, she has not even
pleasured herself in front of her boyfriend before. After she has an
orgasm, she tells us it was the most sexually exhilarating experience of
her life and she feels empowered!

Diana strips, fingers and discovers her own ability to arouse herself as you watch, only on X-Art!

P.S. We just landed from two weeks of shooting in Europe and are editing
like crazy to have some of the new content to you as early as tomorrow
;-)
 

Imagine a chill afternoon on the island of Ibiza with one of the most gorgeous girls on the planet.

And she is insanely hot for you!

Watch Gianna show Tyler just how much she wants him as she slides his huge cock down her throat and then rides him until she cums.

Finally, she slides off him and finishes him in her mouth.

Fall in love with her and the magic of the island.

And get your party on ;-)

 

Introducing our gorgeous new X-Art model Mira. She was a gymnast for 15 years before she decided to try nude modeling.

You may have seen her nude on a few soft sites but never anything more. Well for us, Mira decided to try a masturbation video, then some girl/girl action and her first sex scene ever on camera. She liked it so much that we shot another.

So this video is a preface of things to come (very soon).

Watch Mira flex and stretch her lithe body.

Watch her explore herself in front of our cameras in a beautiful poolside setting.

She uses her fingers to bring herself to a very real orgasm as Mr. X walks in to watch and then join in ;-) ......to be continued.

 

Baby is a beautiful Latvian blonde who speaks perfect English.

And let me tell you, we are all in love! Including Tyler (well I think so, he would have to confirm it). But watch the video and see what you think.

Watch them make passionate and real love.

Enjoy their young, lithe bodies as they ravish each other with raw need.

A real cinematic experience that you won't want to miss. Especially when he finishes inside her perfect pussy, the look on her face is priceless.

And besides, you'll never see a girl this gorgeous having sex on camera anywhere else!

Thank you Baby and Tyler for your first scene together, lots more to come!

Love,

Colette



 

Welcome to the Jungle.

The jungle where all of your dreams come true.

Well that is if one of your dreams is making love to two of the most
beautiful women on the planet at the same time in a tropical paradise.

Join Grace, Tyler and Silvie as they mate like wild animals.

Experience their passion as they expertly kiss, suck and fuck in the forest.

Watch as Grace take his cock in her mouth until he almost cums, until he finally finishes on her face (per her request).

Naughty, crazy, wild things! We love you! 

What more can we say...

Ariel is Red Hot!

She loves to be watched.

Indulge her ;-) 

Jasmine is a secretary during the day.

She came to us and asked if she could act out one of her sexual fantasies for X-Art. Of course we said yes.

She wanted to be a secret agent and have a romantic and passionate tryst with Tyler.

So we let her act our her fantasy.

Watch this hot couple as takes her standing up against the wall. She was really into it.

Definitely try this at home!

P.S. This is the update for Wednesday (I am posting it from Spain on Tuesday night here ;-)
 

You could say the scenery in this video is of formidable beauty or that it is the couple.

Whichever way you choose to look at it, the people and the place all have otherworldly and strong power. You'll see what I mean when you watch it.

The location was on top of the world and awe inspiring in and of itself. But when Beatrice and Tyler began the scene together a brand new kind of passion was instilled.

Although a very small girl, Beatrice has beautiful curves and breasts. Also, she is a sexual dynamo. I can't think of a word right now that would do her justice except "formidable' but in a good way (hence the title).

Watch as she takes him expertly in her mouth and passionately rides him, then backs off and lets him take her. An amazing woman to watch and enjoy. You will fall in love!

P.S. Although she can pass for a teenager Beatrice is actually 24 years old. So she is woman-girl, like the lyrics from one of my favorite songs of all time:

"I have been around the world, looking for that woman-girl who knows love can endure.
And you know it will, and you know it will." ~ Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young
 

HD Video.

Anneli is back!

Come and enjoy Miss Perfect in a beautiful outdoor setting.

Watch her strip and show you everything.

She is such a little flirt.

More Anneli coming soon ;-) 

"Photography, fortunately, to me has not only been a profession but also
a contact between people - to understand human nature and record, if
possible, the best in each individual." ~ Nickolas Muray (February 15th,
1892-November 2, 1965)

I really love this quote and I believe that many photographers do.
This is one of the philosophies we have when working at X-Art. To always
strive to bring out the best in all of our models.

On another but similar note: what man or woman photographer hasn't
imagined a photo shoot leading to hot sex on the studio floor
(especially when the model is smoking hot!)??

You can stop imagining and watch Maya and Tyler.

See Maya model and watch them both get turned on, they make the fantasy a reality.

First, they exercise their excellent oral skills on each other and then go at it in multiple ways on the studio floor.

Maya has a beautiful face, large breasts and a surprisingly tight pussy for her voluptuous body.

Watch her squeeze Tyler as he slides himself all the way inside until he can't hold back. Naughty photographers! 

It's a Russian invasion at X-Art!

Why are girls from Russia so unbelievably hot?!?

It obviously has something to do with genetics of some sort, but I'm
not sure that even the most brilliant scientist could pinpoint it....

Regardless, appreciate these Russian beauties - flown in like fine caviar for your enjoyment.

P.S. I really love caviar too ;-) 

When one just isn't enough!

And Leila can definitely handle more than one ;-)

Watch as Leila and her lover invite a friend to have some fun.

See her expertly work both of their large cocks.

Enjoy this hot and gorgeous girl as she lets the men take turns with her.

And as Betty Grable said in the original movie 'Three for the Show':

Julie (played by Betty Grable): 'So I'm legally married to Marty and I'm legally married to Vernon?'

Col. Harold: 'Of course, you'll have to decide which one you want more.'

Julie: 'Why?'

Enough said.

Hope you like the show. 

Cindy is brand new to erotic work. She had a brief career as a fashion model and also works in an office.

When she found X-Art, she decided she would like to try having sex on camera and she specifically requested Tyler.

It was amazing to see how well they connected, either she has acting
in her future or she was really into him! They seem like a real couple,
the intimacy and passion between them was awesome to capture on camera.

They make love in various positions, demonstrate their oral skills
below and kiss passionately. She was hungry for sex and loved it. I am
am sure Cindy will be back for more!

P.S. Cindy's model page coming soon, she is 20 years old. 

HD Video!

There are many words to describe Grace, one being 'Amazing'!

Watch as Grace finally gets her turn with Pablo. Enjoy them as they passionately make love in one of the most beautiful locations in the world!

Watch her skillfully play with his cock. Then be amazed as he pushes his huge cock deep inside her mouth, her pussy and then finally her perfect ass! Notice the look of ecstasy on her face, she loves it!

This one is HOT! ;-)


 

Have you ever imagined having sex with your partner next to another hot couple doing it at the same time?

Imagine looking over and watching your friends get it on while you're going at it - so hot.

It's like a real-life erotic movie made for you to enjoy (up close and personal).

Well if you haven't done this, you can keep imagining and/or plan it
out. But to help you out, I'll give you a few ideas with this hot HD video!

Enjoy Ivy, Pablo, Leila and Mr. X as they enjoy each other side by side ;-) 

They say you never forget your first love. Or your first time. And if they happen to be with the same person then I guess you really never forget!  Kaylee's first love - in all meanings of the phrase is Kyle and they are together on camera for the first time (only for X-Art).  They start with some surprisingly adept oral skills.  Then watch as she squeezes his cock (hard!) with her pussy, while pressing him all the way in...  When they reach a feverish pitch he cums deep inside her. After a slow kiss, she stands up, his cock pops out and the cum gushes from inside her, a seriously HOT moment!  Download this movie and save it to your permanent collection of high quality erotica - you're going to LOVE it!!! ;-)

Kaylee and Silvie make love under water. It is
only Kaylee's second time with a girl, but her bisexual side seems to be
flourishing ;-)

Both of them being so gorgeous, it is no wonder that their lesbian
inclinations were incited while shooting this scene. I mean what woman
or man could resist the softer sex if they were naked in a crystal-blue
pool with Silvie or Kaylee?

Enjoy this awesome video of two beautiful girls as they make-out
and make love with their lips, tongues and fingers in paradise.

Very cool shots with the underwater camera too! ;-)

P.S. You may notice in the titles this video is called 'Girlfriends'. Anyway that is because I had named it that and then realized after rendering it that we already have a video with Silvie called Girlfriends (duh, I should have known that). Anyway, instead of waiting for hours to re-render the video and make new versions I am posting it like this. Soooo, hope you guys like our underwater girlfriends. LOL

P.P.S I'm pretty sure even though the pool temperature was chilly, this video will get you hot and wet!
 

HD Video!

Gianna is a gorgeous girl with an extremely beautiful face and very large breasts.

If you enjoy nice curves in sexy lingerie then this is the scene for you.

Watch as her lover slowly explores her body with his mouth until he makes her cum with his tongue.

Next, he climbs on top. Then it is her turn, watch as she slides his huge cock into her tight pussy. While her gorgeous breasts keep him occupied, she rides him hard until she cums.

Finally, his turn again. She takes his huge cock in her mouth and sucks him until he finishes there.

Watch his cum drip out of her mouth onto her stunning face.


 

"There is a house in New Orleans
 They call the Rising Sun
 And it's been the ruin of many a poor boy
 And God I know I'm one"

'"The House of the Rising Sun" has been recorded by many artists.
Among others: The Animals, Bob Dylan and Dolly Parton.

And like many classic folk ballads, the authorship of "The House of the Rising Sun" is uncertain.

Now it is time for you to enjoy this VERY special solo video of Jessie to a very special song. I really don't have any more words to describe it. I'll let the video speak for itself. You can make your own interpretation of the lyrics, or sit back and enjoy ours.

I think you'll love it, we think it's really cool!

Oh and P.S. It is obviously totally hot when the song ends, Jessie gets in the bed and masturbates until she cums - they do say it's steamy down there in New Orleans! See for yourself ;-)
 

Mary has been featured on X-Art a few times with her longtime boyfriend and we all loved them together.

The news is that Mary is recently single. When she was with her guy,
she would only participate in videos with him (not other men or women).
Now that she is on her own she is trying out some lesbian action and
really enjoying it.

According to Mary, she is looking for a new guy and she may or may
not make videos with him. She said she'll know when she meets him if it
would be a good idea.

In this set watch Ariel expertly bring Mary to orgasm with her
fingers and mouth, see them make-out passionately and really get into
it!

For now we will just have to enjoy Mary with Ariel and other girls
as she keeps looking for her perfect man. Anyone want to volunteer? ;-) 

Who wants to get in bed with Kristen?

Join her for an intimate experience.

See what's it's like to watch this beautiful girl wake up and take her morning desires into her own hands.

Notice when she slips her fingers into her perfect tight pussy.

Next she teases and plays with herself until she has a real orgasm for you to see.

Hope you enjoy her, she loves to be watched ;-)

 

Ready for some private time with Silvie?

Enjoy this classic beauty as she stretches out and gets comfortable. Notice her mile long legs and fashion model body.

Watch as she explores her gorgeous pussy and brings herself to orgasm.

"If eyes were made for seeing, Then Beauty is its own excuse for being."  ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson (May 25, 1803 ~ April 27, 1882) 

After their final "Farewell" Jessie has moved on.

Watch her find sweet and passionate new love in her downtown LA apartment.

You will love watching this awesome video and experiencing these new lovers together for the first time.

It's never too late to start over! ;-)



 

HD Video (Finally!) ;-)

After watching Seth and Leila, Anneli wanted her chance with Seth.

And since Caprice and Anneli are such close friends, Anneli invites Caprice to join in.

Watch the girls strip put of their cute bikinis, splash in the pool
and turn each other on by playing, kissing and licking all over.

Seth then joins the action for a some hot sex with Anneli while Caprice hungrily watches.

Enjoy these two naughty beauties in a perfect Caribbean location. Paradise just doesn't get any better! 

Abby finally gets a little alone time (with my favorite mini-magic wand).

Watch her play in the bathtub, the shower and enjoy her as she has a real orgasm.

Guys, get the toy in the video for your wife or girlfriend. I promise she will love it and you will love to watch her cum ;-)

 

The title says it all.

Silvie and Tyler are unbelievably beautiful together. Enjoy their young bodies against awe-inspiring scenery.

Imagine being with Silvie, her long hair brushing against your thighs as she straddles you.

Imagine her perfect breasts in your hands and her mile long legs wrapping intensely around you.

Imagine her looking at you with those spell-binding eyes after she has an awesome orgasm.

Food for thought. XOXO ~ Colette


 

It is time for Addison to take a little "me time".

Get in bed with her and see up close how she makes herself cum.

Lots of great shots of her gorgeous pussy, beautiful face and perfect body!

And she has an awesome orgasm.

Enjoy her in HD! XO ~ Colette

 

An X-Art cinematic short film.

Jessie and her lover are on the run.
Watch their passionate drama unfold.

Enjoy a new style of explicit video, only on X-Art!

P.S. Jessie's model page coming soon. She is a gorgeous 20 yr-old all-American girl!

 

Susie is back and better than ever! Wow! Could she be any more gorgeous.

Watch her strip and show you everything up close. Could you be anymore inspired?

More Susie coming soon ;-) 

HD Video!

Jessie and Tyler are back together again.

And tonight they want to add a little spice to their life - so they invite 'Anais' over for a super-hot and fun threesome!

Enjoy their young, lean bodies and awesome spirits.

Watch as all three of them let loose and ravage each other!

 

Wow! Leila and Kaylee! What an awesome combination.

Watch them make each other cum with their fingers, lips and tongues.

This is Kaylee's first time with a girl and she is really lucky to have Leila to show her the ropes. Although it seems like she catches on pretty quickly and really enjoys it.

We actually know how much she liked it since she has already called and asked to shoot more scenes like this one (and maybe something else special for you guys ;-)

 

Gorgeous Mary strips and shows you her beautiful large breasts and puffy pussy.

Enjoy every inch of her as she flirts with our cameras.

Watch her cum in HD!

BTW, she has recently broken up with her longtime boyfriend (the one
she was with in 'Show You My Love') and is now in the market for a new
guy who will agree to make videos with her. 

'They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered.'

~ F. Scott Fitzgerald (September 24, 1896 ~ December 21, 1940) This Side of Paradise (1920)

Ivy and Pablo meet again, this time in paradise.

Watch them make passionate love and experience their ecstasy as he takes her completely.

P.S. (F. Scott - I'm not) but we all aspire to be something more
than we are, so please humor me with the quotes! XOXO ~ Love Colette

P.P.S You'll notice that this video is in a different location than the photos. We lost the light while taking the photos, so we had to move for the video. I think you will LOVE it regardless ;-)
 

Transcendence, transcendent, and transcendental are words that refer to
an object (or a property of an object) as being comparatively beyond
that of other objects.'

Silvie=Transcendent

And Gorgeous and wild as ever, she is back at X-Art and this time Pablo is the lucky guy!

She is feeling beautiful and horny when she comes across Pablo meditating in the garden.

It doesn't take her long to put his huge cock in her mouth and climb on top!

She rides him until she's satisfied, then it's his turn to take her as he pleases.

It was a transcendental experience for both of them ;-)


 

Kiera and Avril are both exhibitionists.

Watch as they make out and lick each others pussies on the windowsill of their apartment.

They are so excited by the fact that people are watching from below.

Until they need to get a little more comfortable 'to finish each other off' so they move to the bed and make each other cum.

You will love these two super-cute and super-petite girls together ;-)

 

It is very difficult not to fall in love with Hayden!

And it will be even tougher after you watch her in this video.

Enjoy this adorable, smart and sassy southern blonde as she has a super-hot and real orgasm!

We love to love you Hayden!



 

Brand new and gorgeous X-Art model Maya is HOT, HOT, HOT.

In this HD video Maya ravishes her lucky boyfriend backstage.

They were so into each other they couldn't even wait for us to set
the scene up, they said, 'the light is great here let's do it right now,
we are so horny since we've been waiting a few days to have sex for you
guys!"

So they start making out and going down on each other (with admirable skill) .

Watch him fill her surprisingly small pussy (her breasts are very large) with his huge cock.

You will truly enjoy the real passion between these two as they both have awesome orgasms!

P.S. I will be posting Maya's model page soon. She is 23 yrs old and half Cuban. She works in an office and models part time. 

HD Video! Angie and Susie are back at X-Art and together for the first time!

It is a real dream come true for these two gorgeous bisexual girls who have been wanting to get some time with each other.

Their encounter starts out with a massage and progresses from there -
as each girl shows the other her skills in the bedroom. Hot, hot, hot!

Stunning and busty raven-haired beauty Angie and perfect, petite and golden-tan, blonde Susie are a true feast for the eyes.

Men and women alike will love them both ;-)

 

HD Video!

Have you ever imagined sneaking around underwater with goggles and
catching a young couple getting it on in the pool or the ocean?

Imagine watching him slide his huge cock inside her tight pussy while they think no one is watching.

Well X-Art favorite model Ivy and her new crush Tyler meet in the pool and make a spalsh and we are all voyeurs.

You can feel the heat from their bodies warming up the cool pool water.

It was our first time shooting a sex scene in scuba gear and we think it came out pretty cool.

This is a real Wet Dream! Watch for yourself and see what I mean ;-)


 

Tyler and Gianna have an on and off again relationship.

Every time he sees her he is consumed with lust, he wants a lasting relationship but she just won't commit.

They decided to spend the night together as friends, but when he sees her getting dressed while he is bathing he can not contain himself and they have one last 'morning tryst'.

Watch their passion in HD as he enjoys her beautiful face and body one last time - right there on the bathroom floor.

Gianna is a gorgeous girl with many choices of men, so we understand why she won't commit. But fortunately for Tyler he has lots of options as well.

Watch this awesome HD video and see if you think they should give it one more try. XOXO ~ Colette

 

HD Video. Forever lucky Mr. X gets his chance with pure and beautiful Grace.

Watch as he warms her up by sliding his fingers and tongue into her perfect, tight pussy.

She then takes his huge cock in her her mouth to return the favor.

The weather and the island and their bodies have got them so hot that they can't wait.

He takes her from behind and missionary until he explodes all over her beautiful body.

This is pure Grace.


 

"Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time." ~ Anon

Hayden and Bree use a double-headed dildo for the first time.

To begin, they get each other warmed up and ready with their fingers and tongues.

Then watch as they slide the clear head of the toy into their tight pussies.

They start moving slowly, but speed up the tempo until they have awesome mutual orgasms.

It may be their first time, but it won't be their last.
 

'I ... believe that angels, or something like them, sometimes live among us, hidden within our fellow human beings.'

Kristen is back at X-Art! She's now a blonde and she looks better than ever.  She is still with the same cute guy (with the big cock) that we shot her with over three years ago.  Enjoy them again, more experienced and more beautiful as they make passionate love for our cameras.  She starts by sliding him into her mouth, it barely fits! He pleasures her orally and with his fingers, she loves it!  He takes her from behind, she gets on top and rides until she cums. This video also includes a small amount of anal sex. They said it was their favorite - so we let them include some in the scene ;-)  He finishes on her flat stomach. They said he had to pull out since she skipped her pill and they weren't ready for babies yet!  Hope you like this happy couple, they get excited when you watch!

Leila and Mr. X reunite for a beautiful afternoon of yoga and HOT, passionate sex!

Watch their connection and experience the awesome souls of these two great people.

This HD video is a fantasy afternoon for anyone. You can't miss it!!

Beautiful vistas from all angles, enjoy life and love ;-)

XOXO ~ Colette



 

Caprice and Angel have been waiting for the chance to be together.

Finally, it is "Girls Night"! They get dressed up and go out for a few drinks.

After the drinks they are feeling horny, so they head back to Caprice's room.

Watch them use their fingers and tongues, vibrators and their entire bodies to expertly make each other cum.

A beautiful and fun HD video with two gorgeous girls!

 

Have you ever had a girlfriend or wife try the Hitachi Magic Wand Massager? Or if you're a woman, have you tried it?

If you have, you'll see it's pretty much guaranteed to induce a strong orgasm. If you haven't, you should!

Come and join Silvie and Ariel as they show you new and clever ways to enjoy their favorite toy in HD ;-)

And the best thing about it is: that it's awesome to have an orgasm with the massager and then have hot sex with a man!

Watch these two gorgeous girls, turn each other on and get each
other ready for their boyfriends - who may come home at any moment....


 

New model Addison is a perfect, petite brunette with gorgeous breasts and a cute, bubbly personality.

Watch as she and her naughty boyfriend put on a special show only
for X-Art. Enjoy as he fills her mouth and tiny pussy with his huge cock
(Wow, not quoting F. Scott today am I?). Sometimes it's fun to be a
little hardcore ;-)

Hardcore aside, they have been together for three years and are
planning to get married and they love to be watched while having sex. So
come on and let them have their fun. Watch, enjoy and comment to let
them know if you like them.

P.S. I know the song (and striptease) at the beginning of the video are a little corny, but just like hardcore is fun sometimes, so is corny (I think) XOXO ~ Colette


 

Come and join Avril - she wants to show you how to make her cum.

Watch this beautiful dancer perform a private show just for you.

Enjoy her gorgeous body and perfect pussy as she brings herself to orgasm in HD.

You will fall in love ;-)

 

Eufrat and Grace are two of the most sexual girls we know.

And although they like to get it on with a good man, these two woman LOVE the ladies!

So we couldn't resist the chance to let them have a 'casual affair' for our cameras.

And here I go again, this time with some movie trivia:
00:50:29 There was a moment when l thought
l might have had one with you--00:50:33 l don't want to have a casual affair.00:50:36 ls this a proposal?00:50:37 Do you joke about everything?- Postcards from the Edge (1990)

Foot fetish anyone?
HD Video from the photo-set ;-)

Grace's boyfriend asks her to do him a favor. It's his best friend's birthday and he wants to give the guy an awesome present!

To honor his bromance he asks his gorgeous girl to give a blowjob and 'foot-job' to the lucky guy.

Seems like they had lots of fun. I hope Grace's guy doesn't mind how much she also liked it ;-)

Happy Birthday Baby! 

Join Stefanie as she experiences the pleasures of another woman for the FIRST time.  In this scene she loses her lesbian-virginity and she loves it!  We chose Suzie as a partner for Stefanie's first time with the softer sex, since she is very experienced, patient and knows how to give a girl pleasure.  Watch her walk Stefanie through what to do to her and then return the favor. She asks her to start by massaging her feet, then instructs her what to do with her lips and fingers.  I think Stefanie will be back for more ;-)

Let's get it on.

Get ready for a romantic evening in front of the fire with Connie and her boyfriend.

Watch them passionately devour each other.

Experience her beautiful body and their awesome connection in HD!

 

You're invited to a private party with Hayden and Kiera.

Join them for a fashion photo-shoot. Watch them dance and flirt until they are totally excited and turned on.

Next they go down on each other and Hayden shows Kiera how to use her fingers on a girl (Kiera is new to girls but Hayden is a pro).

Finally, they pull out the secret weapons, their 'silver bullets' and proceed to cum like crazy! Watch the exceptional close-ups.

And may I suggest trying one of these little bullets on your wife or girlfriend while you're having sex, it's pretty awesome!

Hope you guys like the video, we shot it in our new Los Angeles studio! ;-)

 

Meet Avril! She came to visit us for a few days and our world will never be the same.

In her first X-Art video - Mr. X is the lucky guy.

Watch her expertly suck his cock and watch him go down on her until she has her first orgasm.

Enjoy as he enters her tight, pink pussy - seriously it barely fits, but she loves it!

They experience each other from many positions until they are ready for the grand finale.

Both participants end up spent and happy. They let us know afterwards how much they truly enjoyed the experience ;-)

Watch this awesome HD video for yourself and see what I mean!

 

Bree shows us how she does it (on her own) in our new LA Studio.

First, watch her strip and show you her perfect and super-tiny body!

Then, enjoy as she expertly works the inside and outside of her gorgeous pussy with her fingers and a really awesome vibrator.

Watch her shiver and writhe with pleasure as she cums just for you!


 

Have you ever imagined being blindfolded and taken advantage of by two gorgeous blondes?

Well if you haven't, you probably will after seeing this!

Join Grace and Samantha as they have their way with Grace's lucky boyfriend.

The scene begins with Grace riding her boyfriend and Samantha watching from just outside the door. Samantha is getting really excited, so Grace - being the great friend she is invites Samantha to join in (but not before she covers her guys eyes). When he opens them he has a huge surprise, he is inside a new stunning blonde (not Grace!) and Grace is making out with her while they are going at it!

The three all seem to get along perfectly and the action heats up from there. Watch them take turns giving each other awesome pleasure in HD!



 

Freckle-faced and raven-haired, 22 yr old Stefanie has just graduated from University.  While looking for 'real job' one of her friends (another new X-Art model Diana) told her about the opportunity to be a nude model.  Stefanie contacted us and we offered to give her a try at a solo and girl/girl scene. She told us she has never been with a girl or masturbated in front of an audience and both of these things have become obsessive fantasies in her 22 year old mind.  Enjoy this innocent dove in her nude debut. Watch her as she strips, shows you everything and pushes her fingers all the way inside her tight, pink pussy. And finally masturbates until she cums ;-) 

Avril and Tyler are seriously hot for each other in this HD video!

They stroll on the streets of LA before they head back to their loft for some steamy late-afternoon love-making.

First, they pleasure each other orally.

Then he takes her from on top and behind, pushing his long cock in
her tight pussy over and over until he cums on her perfect ass.

Last, experience her raw sexuality when she climbs on him and rides until she has a screaming orgasm.

Avril and Tyler are 100% Young and Hot!!!

Awesome music by: Eli Mardock www.elimardock.com
 

We shot tall, slim and pretty  Linsay recently. She is a new to modeling but she knows what she likes.Usually, we shoot a solo scene of any new model before we try for a sex scene, but Linsay insisted that she does not like solos. She wanted to be (excuse my language) fucked by a man and preferably anally in order for her to enjoy her work. Well, we should have believed her - the solo masturbation scene was almost impossible to film, she did not know what to do! We tried to explain but she just did not get it, she said she does not usually masturbate. You will see the results for yourself later.So to save the day, we called Pablo. He was happy to come over and grant gorgeous Linsay her wish. Thank goodness everything started flowing from there! They both got really into it and the video turned out great, I wonder if he got her number ;-) Enjoy this awesome HD Video! 

Teenage Dream HD Video!

New to X-Art and getting ready to join us for an island shoot this
Summer, 18 year old Kaylee takes the time to show you everything.

This recently discovered exhibitionist has just started her modeling
career and she told us she can't believe how much she loves it! She
said the thrill she gets from undressing for our cameras and showing off
her entire body is incomparable to anything she has ever experienced.
She becomes so excited when we ask her to finger herself that she tries
to get her whole hand in!

Well, we're glad she's enjoying it, hope you enjoy her just as much! I can tell how much she likes it, can you?
 

Diana is another gorgeous 'girl next door type', who decided to try nude modeling just for X-Art.

A soccer (football) player in high school, she is spending the year
abroad during her first year in University. Some of her friends told her
about X-Art, so she contacted us to see if we would hire her.

She was pretty shy at first, but totally wanted the experience. This
is her first time masturbating in front of anyone, she has not even
pleasured herself in front of her boyfriend before. After she has an
orgasm, she tells us it was the most sexually exhilarating experience of
her life and she feels empowered!

Diana strips, fingers and discovers her own ability to arouse herself as you watch, only on X-Art! Enjoy this awesome HD Video ;-)
 

Imagine, the most perfect blonde you have ever laid eyes on slowly emerging from a sparkling pool on a warm Summer afternoon.

Imagine her walking inside naked and stretching out on a massage table where you wait to explore her entire body with your nimble fingers.

And it gets better, she doesn't want a massage. She wants to take your cock in her mouth and suck it hard until you almost can't wait.

Her turn, you expertly go down on her until shes so wet that she begs you take her from behind. You can feel her getting ready to cum, she climbs on top of you and rides until her body shakes with climax.

To return the favor, she takes you in her mouth again and works expertly until you explode all over her angelic face.

Nice daydream, right?? Even better, see it come to life in HD (shot with Red One cameras) only on X-Art! I promise you won't want to miss this one!

 

An original and a new X-Art favorite model together for some hot lesbian sex!

Two perfect cuties, Kristen (now blonde) and tiny brunette Ivy take turns licking and fingering each other.

They rub their perfect pussies together until they shudder with awesome orgasms.

These specific girls prefer men, but they are so horny that they'll take a woman when no boys are available.

Watch the action and see how hot and cute they really are!
 

Imagine waking up to a beautiful blonde bringing you breakfast in bed.

And that's not all she's bringing. Grace offers her entire self to her boyfriend Greg, including his favorite part (her perfect ass).

Watch them passionately make love from multiple positions until she beckons him to give her what she really wants.

Your wife or girlfriend may even be convinced to try a little anal experiment after seeing this video.

Check it out and see what I mean!

P.S. I will being adding the model page for Grace later today, she is 21 yrs old and originally from Russia ;-)
 

Both cute, petite and blonde, Abby and Carla are roommates.

They both model to pay the bills, but sometimes - in the privacy of their home - they share a little love together.

Watch them expertly give each other pleasure with their tongues and fingers.

Notice their perfect pink pussies and tight young bodies.

I posted the photo set today as well, hope you like both the photos and video!

 

Petite and perfect, Ivy invites you to join her for an ethereal afternoon of pleasure.

Watch her slowly strip and make herself comfortable in her favorite afternoon lounge chair.

Enjoy as she explores her body intimately.

Watch her push her fingers deep inside her tight pussy and moan with ecstasy. She closes her eyes and imagines the real thing.



 

Cum and enjoy an X-Art cinematic experience.

Horny little Abby does it again! She is visiting the United States and insisted on a "one night stand' with an American man - we were happy to make her dreams a reality.

Watch their passion from multiple angles and positions.

Feel like you were right there with them (or maybe at the movies watching) as you experience this cool video, shot in evening light.

They say only bad girls have "one night stands". I guess Abby is a bad girl. But she makes us feel so good, we hope she does the same for you ;-)

 

Cum and join Brooklyn and Mr. X for some raw, unleashed passion!

I think we all remember where Brooklyn left off on the couch the other night. She was wet, ready and waiting.

She can barely contain herself from her first orgasm when Mr. X starts ravishing her.

If you're in the mood for some seriously real, aggressive and hot sex then this is the scene for you!





 

World, meet Kaylee! Kaylee, meet the X-Art members!

Come and join Kaylee for her first intimate moment caught on camera.

Watch her touch herself, tentatively at first and with growing passion as her courage builds until the explosive finale.

One of the most gorgeous and natural girls you will see anywhere!

You won't want to miss this! More Kaylee to cum ;-)



 

They say big things come in small packages!

If you like the kind of girl some refer to as a "spinner" this is the video for you.

Watch this absolutely hot pair make passionate love to each other in multiple ways. His cock seems enormous for her tiny body. She loves it and shockingly can take every inch with ease. She even has multiple orgasms.

He is big enough to pick her up and spin her tiny body around, but her extreme sexual energy makes her larger than life!

Hope you enjoy our 'little lover" as much as she enjoyed making this video for you ;-)

 

Two perfect girls from different parts of the world come together to cum together.

Join gorgeous Tiffany and cute blonde Abby as they make love girl-style.

They begin by pleasuring each other orally, watch them in the 69 position.

The action gets hotter until in a fit of passion they rub their hot pussies together until the friction drives them to orgasm.

Two perfect girls, together, only on X-Art!

 

Imagine you've been hard at work all morning and are so ready for a lunch break.

Lucky you, along comes Ivy in her white cotton panties and tank top.

Feline in her moves, she pries your laptop away from you and shifts her white panties onto your face.

After you've pleasured her orally, she climbs on top of your cock and rides you until she has another orgasm.

Finally satisfied, she takes your cock in her mouth until you finish.

Who's lunchtime fantasy is this anyway? Mine, yours or Ivy's?? ;-)
 

Join Brooklyn for a romantic evening at home.

Watch her strip out of her cute jean-shorts and get herself off while relaxing by a crackling fire.

She is highly sexual person and she loves to masturbate. She is an expert and giving and receiving pleasure. 

She rubs herself hard, pushing a few fingers inside her ass as she brings herself to orgasm.

She finishes but she's not done, she's waiting for the real thing...

 

Stunning Silvie is wild at heart in this HD video!

If you guys read my blog then you know that Silvie is recently divorced and in the mood to have some fun.

She called us to let us know that she wanted to shoot a scene with X-Art model Luke, turns out she has a huge crush on him.

Silvie walked in and was extremely eager to get started, needless to
say the sex and chemistry between these two was absolutely awesome!

Watch her take him in her mouth, climb on top and ride him until she has strong orgasm.

Next, it's his turn to take her from the the side and get on top. He rides her until the climactic finish.

After they are both satisfied, Silvie wraps her mile-long legs around Luke and moves in for a kiss.

I wonder if they'll be calling each other for an encore? For some reason, I think yes!

 

Isn't it about time for a vacation again? I think so!

Cum and join Carmen and Seth as they make passionate love on an ocean side dock.

Watch as he goes down and her and she returns the favor.

Next - always horny Carmen rides him until she cums.

Finally, Seth gets his turn to have his way with her until he explodes all over her gorgeous pussy.

We hope you enjoy this video, especially since it may be one of the last times you will see the lovely Carmen with her natural breasts (I hear she had a recent surgery).

Do you prefer Carmen au naturel or enhanced? What do you think?


 

You are invited to join us for an X-Art cinematic experience.

Watch Tiffany and her lover driving a convertible and running on the beach with the wind in their hair, experience their true love on a romantic afternoon.

You will feel like you are right there in the room when they begin to make passionate love.

Watch them ravish each other in multiple positions, including 69 - until she has an awesome orgasm and takes his cock so he can cum all over her beautiful face.

We hope you enjoy this REAL couple and their REAL passion as much as they enjoyed making this for you (I do believe they had as much fun driving the car as they did with the sex scene)!

Sweet California Dreams to all of our members ;-) XOXO



 

Come and watch two of the most beautiful brunettes on earth share a heavenly afternoon.

Notice their gorgeous faces and adorable freckles.

They start by exploring each others toned bodies and taking turns pleasuring each other orally.
The passion increases as they expertly enter with their fingers.

Both of the girls are truly bisexual, so they know how to give intense pleasure to each other. They both had real orgasms and loved making the scene! So hope you enjoy them as much as they enjoyed doing this for you ;-)

If these two are in it, heaven must be a place on earth!


 

Naughty little Abby gets her wish to have a threesome with Carla and Pablo.

They meet at Carla's apartment and since they are all excited for the adventure they get right down to business.

Watch the girls play with each other. Watch Abby and Carla suck Pablo's huge cock and take turns riding him!

Hope you enjoy the girls and their  'blonde ambition'!

BTW, I had a little fun with this video and put a funny song in the beginning. It has a 'tongue and cheek' reference to what's going on, see if you get it...(apologies if the song's not for you, but I hope you like the scene anyway ;-) XOXO ~ Colette
 

Eufrat travels all the time for work and it can be hard on her relationships.

She had to leave for Paris last night.

She wakes up alone in a hotel thinking about her lover.

She told us, one of her favorite things to do while traveling is to masturbate in the shower.

Come and enjoy a truly voyeuristic moment while you watch this brunette beauty pleasure herself.

A very real experience with a very real and beautiful girl.

Don't worry Eufrat, I'm sure he'll wait for you. If he doesn't someone better will come along! Love, C
 

Imagine you're on a group vacation (you know one of those that you join
with yoga or surfing or hiking or whatever kind of people which like the
same stuff as you).

It's a lazy afternoon in a beach-side cabana and you're hanging out
with a friend you met on the trip. The sun and the surf has gotten you
relaxed and horny. She is feeling the same way (she actually had a crush
on you since she met you a few days ago).

You realize your cute friend is actually pretty hot and you decide to make a move and convince her to have some fun with you.

You begin by playing with your fingers in her pussy and exploring her with your tongue, this excites her and it's not long before she takes you in her mouth.

Next, you climb on top of her tiny body and push your cock in her
tight pussy. This drives her wild and she rolls you over and straddles
you with her skinny but strong legs (she used to be a gymnast). She
rides you hard until she has an orgasm that leaves her breathless.

Your turn, you flip her over and take her from behind, until finally you cum hard all over her perfect round ass.

Exhausted, happy and satisfied you both take a long nap until it's
time to join the group for dinner. You think to yourself that you'll
probably sign up for more group vacations, it is great for relaxation!
 

On our Caribbean trip some of the models paired off, Mr. X and Carmen were one of these pairs.  It is quite a change from her first scene with Mr. X (we didn't think she even liked him). It turns out Carmen appreciates a little rough play and some light S&M and Mr. X likes the same so they had a lot of fun together. I believe Mr. X will be remembering this tropical afternoon for a long time!

Carmen is truly super-hot and super-naughty and at just 18 years old she is one of the most sexually adventurous girls we've ever met. She truly loves everything sexual.

Watch Mr. X lick and suck on her petite pussy until until she has her first orgasm of the scene. Then she returns the favor with her excellent oral skills.

She rides him and he takes her from behind. As they both get carried away, she asks him and he circles her neck with his hands, this drives her wild.

They finish in missionary with her legs stretched out in a split.

We hope you enjoy this video, it is REAL unscripted passion with two beautiful people!
 

Tiffany and Brandon together again for another awesome HD video!

Tiffany, now 19 years old has been pursuing school and fashion modeling, but lucky for us she is still an exhibitionist.

She and Brandon called me and asked if they could come over and make a new X-Art scene, so of course we said YES!

They had abstained from having sex for a few days before shooting so
they could enjoy making the video as hot as possible. They said that
they wanted our members to experience their true feelings for each
other.

Watch them kiss and make passionate love until he fills her with cum.

A gorgeous, real couple that you won't want to miss. And they are only on X-Art :-)

 

Silvie and Eufrat have been friends for a long time. They have a lot in common since they are both full time models and they also both LOVE lesbian sex.

Silvie was recently married, but her husband still allows her to see her old friend Eufrat for some hot 'no strings attached' action. After Silvie visits Eufrat in her apartment she always heads straight back to her husband to tell him every detail of her lovemaking with her best girlfriend. This gets Silvie's husband really turned on and on these days they always end up having the best sex in some new location in their home.

Now you are invited to Eufrat's apartment, to look in on the girls during one of their private afternoon trysts where they decide to play some 'strip poker' ;-) see them get naked, make-out and then expertly work each others pussies until they both have awesome orgasms. These ladies are HOT, gorgeous and they LOVE lesbian sex!

Watch and decide. Would you let your girlfriend or wife have an afternoon girlfriend like Silvie or Eufrat?


 

Before you get to know Carla with Abby and Pablo, we invite you to experience the real Carla on her own.

Notice her toned bodied as she strips out of her white panties and bra.

Watch her push her fingers slowly into her tight pussy, she moves them faster and faster.

She fucks herself as a man would penetrate her until she has a strong orgasm. With her eyes closed and a look of ecstasy on her face, I wonder who she is thinking of, don't you ;-)

Stay tuned for Carla in a lesbian scene with Abby and a threesome with Abby and Pablo.

 

Come and watch a real couple have passionate sex.

Veronika and David met at the office and started having a steamy affair. One thing led to another and they ended up living together.

David often goes away on business trips and 'coming home' to Veronika is something to look forward to.

These two LOVE pleasuring each other orally. Watch Veronika suck on his large cock and watch David lick and suck her pretty pussy until she can't take it.

Finally he enters her from the side and they move together in a sweet union.

Come inside and join this cute couple for their delicious homecoming, you will only find them here!

 

Meet Veronika, she is a long-legged 25 year old beauty from Eastern Europe.

Come closer and get personal with this awesome girl as she strips out of her fancy lingerie and masturbates while you watch.

Hope you enjoy this intimate moment with a very real girl.

 

Come and enjoy Connie and Aaron together again.

Watch Aaron take Connie in missionary position. Next she gets on top and rides him while her large breasts bounce freely.

Watch as she spreads her perfect pussy for his large cock. He can barely fit it in, she is so tight. This feels so good to Connie that she has an orgasm as he's pushing it in.

Enjoy her natural figure and large, gorgeous breasts as they both enjoy watching him finish.

Experience true love in HD with this really beautiful couple!



 

You're invited to a private striptease starring the gorgeous Silvie.

She begins with a sexy dance in her tiny skirt, cotton tank top and panties. She proceeds to slowly strip out of her clothes, revealing her mile-long legs and perfect breasts.

As she gets hotter, she starts to play with herself. She pushes her long fingers deep inside her moist, pink pussy. She goes faster and harder until she finishes with a satisfying orgasm, watch her grab her breasts as she is overcome with pleasure.

An intimate encounter with one of the world's most stunning women!

P.S. We will have a new boy/girl video starring Veronika on Wednesday ;-)
 

Experience the One & Only Caprice up close and personal in this intimate video.

Caprice is one of the most beautiful creatures on the planet and it is a awesome to watch her have a very real, hot orgasm here.

She is an extremely sexual being who likes women as much as she likes men. I wonder what she is thinking as she brings herself to climax. Look in her eyes and decide for yourself.

P.S. We also have an AWESOME boy/girl video with Leila coming soon, so stay tuned for that this week!


 

This is an extremely hot and erotic scene. If you like REAL orgasms and genuine passion then get ready to be excited!

Leila is one of the most sexual girls we've ever met and Seth has wanted her since she first graced the internet. On the first day of our shoot I asked the girls which boys they want to work and Leila requested Seth, lucky Seth.

Well they had to wait a few days until their scene and the desire was mounting. You can see the looks in their eyes when they are finally together, it is intense.

Watch him take her from behind, watch her get on top and ride him until she has an awesome screaming orgasm. Watch her stare into his eyes while he cums in her mouth.

And a bonus for those of you who like things a little kinky (like Leila and Seth obviously ;-) One of Leila's favorite things to do is fisting and it turns out this is Seth's favorite thing to watch. Seth told Leila this and she put on an impromptu show for him. We were not going to leave this is the video because we didn't know if it would be too much for our members, but then we decided that since it was real and unscripted you guys might enjoy seeing this cute couple turning each other on.

On a side note, after this scene Leila and Seth acted like a couple for the rest of the trip, they hugged and cried in the airport for 30 minutes when they had to fly home to their respective countries. I'm not sure what their status is now, but they had a great connection in the Caribbean.

P.S. There are a few places in the video where you can see some bruises on Leila's legs (she is kind of accident prone). We decided to leave the shots with the bruises because we wanted you to have all of the REAL footage and didn't want to chop up the scene. Well hope you enjoy it, we did!!
 

You're invited to experience a morning fantasy with Leila.

Join her in bed as she wakes up in her little cotton t-shirt and panties.

Watch her beautiful face transform with pleasure as she pushes one, then two, then three and finally four fingers inside her tight pussy.

We hope you enjoy watching this natural video of Leila as much as she enjoyed making it!
 

Cum and enjoy this exciting menage-a-trois with Anneli, Leila and Mr. X!

Mr. X is just waking up from a luxurious afternoon vacation nap (you
know the kind that is so nice after spending the day at the beach).
Well the girls have just been napping too and they woke up horny, so
they make a plan to have some fun with Mr. X - together.

Laughing and smiling they take turns sucking his cock, then he gets
them ready and he alternates putting himself inside either girl. They
roll around on the bed and switch positions a few times until they all
have strong orgasms.

Watch these three 'friends with benefits' pleasure each other for your pleasure!

P.S. I am posting this early since I had it ready and I know you guys were waiting for it ;-)
 

It's Christmas vacation and Leila and Carmen have a few weeks of tropical fun planned.

Both girls attend college in the United States, but Leila is from Hungary and Carmen is from Brazil. Since they are both from foreign countries they have a lot in common and became best friends. They also discovered that they are both extremely horny girls, they like to have sex with each other and pick up guys together for threesomes.

On the second day of their island vacation they go snorkeling and upon emerging from the ocean they spot a hot, young guy. Watch as they go down on him in tandem, ride him and let him fuck them both until they all have awesome orgasms.

Make sure to download this fun and sexy HD video to your permanent collection of high-quality erotica!

P.S. Seth, Leila and Carmen are HOT for each other, the chemistry is REAL. I know this because ..well let's just say that 'there were plenty of 'extracurricular' activities during our recent shooting trip involving these three. Just watch the video and judge for yourself. XOXO ~ Colette


 

Adorable Carla has been working out hard.

She's happy with how her body is looking, she's dropped some weight and gained some muscles. She is pretty tired and achy from all of the exercise, so she calls her friend Abby to ask if she knows of a good masseur. Abby says,  "Yes, she knows a great one! Well, he's not really a masseur but he will completely relieve all of her tension, if you know what she means."

A nice surprise for Carla, Pablo gives her an awesome massage (he went to massage school in Spain when he was 20).

After Carla is completely relaxed, he moves in for a little warm-up for himself. They proceed to get each other hot orally until they can't wait anymore.

Carla is dripping wet when Pablo finally enters her from the top, stretching her in every way. He moves in and out slowly spreading her legs wider until she has a strong orgasm. Sweet girl that she is, she returns the favor and they both say 'goodbye' happy.

Carla calls Abby to let her know that she is extremely satisfied with her recommendation. Abby says, "I'm glad, but next time I want to be there with you both!" - If only we could be so lucky to see that! ;-)



 

Watch beautiful Caprice have an awesome orgasm with her favorite pink vibrator in a gorgeous tropical setting.

The perfect cure for the winter blues is Caprice on an island getting warmed up with her favorite vibe! Well, actually 'perfection' would be Caprice dripping wet and naked, legs spread, ready and waiting for you....

Come and watch her up close and personal while the waves crash in the background.

We are in the Caribbean right now with Caprice and a bunch of other X-Art beauties (as I type this) shooting lots of awesome new content that will be coming soon ;-)
 

Join Constance and Aaron as they watch X-Art videos on
their TV, while they have hot passionate sex and cum together!

Beautiful Constance relaxes in bed and switches the television on. Her favorite X-Art video 'Teenagers in Love' plays on the screen, making her pussy warm and wet.

While she watches the action on screen, Constance gently rubs her clit and spreads her pussy lips wide open. You can see the juices inside - INCREDIBLE!

Suddenly her boyfriend Aaron walk into the room, catching her in the act. She smiles and pulls him down onto the bed.

Watch and enjoy as this adorable couple suck and fuck their way to an incredible mutual orgasm. After they cum together, Aaron pulls his cock out and you can see his cum pouring out of Constance's perfect pussy.

Download and enjoy this fantastic new X-Art video - you're going to LOVE it!

 

Imagine: lounging by the pool in the evening, when you look over and see stunning 18 year old Carmen swimming in the moonlight.

She emerges from the water, her tight body glistening with water. She comes over to your chair and gives you a close-up look at her perfect pussy and Amazing ass while she slowly dances and strips out of her wet bikini.

Naked, she moves over you and takes your cock in her pretty hand, looking you in the eye and smiling as she does it. She proceeds to put your hard cock into her tiny mouth and gives you a world-rocking blowjob. After you've spent yourself in her mouth, she opens up to show you and swallows it all with a smile and a sparkle in her eye.

While you're still shaking from pleasure on the lounge chair, she kisses you, waves and walks away (affording you another view of her perfect ass). Did it even happen, or was it a dream?

Download and save this X-Art blowjob dream come true!
 

Imagine yourself walking on a private beach in Bali.

You look up from your thoughts and see a petite beauty in soft white clothing. While you are marveling at how pretty she is and how lucky you are to come across her, she removes her top and panties.

Surprised, you crouch down to stay out of site but continue to watch her.

Later you learn her name is Angel.

Watch this HD video and experience Angel's most private moments as she does yoga in the nude and pleasures herself to multiple orgasms.


 

Young and in love and at the beach!

Watch cuties Angel and Tommy roll in the sand.

They start out wrestling and tickling, but their innocent play quickly progresses to passion.

They pleasure each other orally until Angel gets hot and jumps on top - watch her strong tiny body climb on to Tommy's muscular frame.

He then takes her from behind and finishes inside her tiny pussy.

Angel is so adorable and playful, yet extremely seductive: play the video and see what I mean.

 

Download the full HD video and watch lucky, lucky Mr. X! He was able to romance Anneli in the Caribbean and she decided to take him for a ride.

Watch her take his cock in her mouth and him lick and finger her
perfect pussy. After warming up he pushes his large cock inside her wet
pussy from above. Next she rides him and finally he takes her from
behind until she has the strong orgasm he's working for. She makes the
best faces when she cums....

To return the favor, she sucks his cock and finishes him off with her adorable hands.

You won't want to miss this one!

 

Anneli's boyfriend 'Dennis' is a masseur (I made a mistake and named this video 'the masseuse' which would indicate a girl gives the massage, but I just remembered it's 'masseur' for a boy and already rendered the video, so it has a funny title LOL!)

Anyway, continuing: Anneli's boyfriend is a 'masseur (for real, I'm not making this up). One evening he is called to give a massage to a gorgeous, young brunette. He asks her to his apartment, knowing Anneli will be home soon and that she really likes girls too.

The brunette 'Ivy' walks in , she disrobes and slips out of her white cotton panties and tank top; Dennis is happy to see that she has a perfect body. Anneli arrives home shortly after they begin the massage, Ivy is already extremely relaxed on the table. Anneli motions to Dennis to go a little further and see what happens, so he moves his fingers and eventually his mouth between Ivy's legs.

Ivy responds favorably and indicates she wants more, at this point Anneli jumps in the action and together they suck Dennis' cock until he can't stand it. He then enters both of them from various positions.

The video ends with Dennis taking Ivy from behind. He has a strong orgasm while Anneli masturbates and watches. This turns her on the most, she loves to watch her man with other women.

Don't you wish you had a girlfriend like Anneli? Watch the video and find out all of the reasons why!

 

Stunning long-legged, fashion model and (part time bank teller) Kitty
works long hours. She has goals, one of which is saving for a house. So
when she doesn't have enough modeling jobs she also works at a bank.

When a new guy is hired at the bank, single Kitty can't resist. She
invites him back to her cool, 'hard-working girl' apartment and promptly
puts on an awesome strip show for him.

Slipping out of her tight skirt and sexy blouse, she leaves on her
heals and shows him her ass and breasts. She then reclines on a leather
chair, takes off her panties and spreads her legs.

He moves closer and they kiss until she takes him in her mouth. They
are so hot now that they can't wait. They make passionate love until
they both have strong orgasms and fall asleep after the hard day at
work.

Who knows how tomorrow will be, but they had fun tonight!
 

It is the night after 'the massage' and Anneli tells Dennis that she needs more 'entertainment'. She says he should go out to a club and find a girl for them. She also says it's ok if he tries her out first.

Soooo, he walks down the street from their apartment to a cool club that has these big 'bed-style' lounges. He can't believe his luck when he finds gorgeous black-haired 'Angie' sprawled out looking really horny in the VIP Lounge.

He pays the bouncer $100 to close the lounge off and moves in to proposition his new 'friend'. Angie takes one look at Dennis and decides he is just what she needs to fill her lonely night.

They really like each other, so they kiss passionately. Next he goes down on her and she sucks his cock (like the pro that she is). They are ready and hot so he takes her from behind. She tells him she wants to have an orgasm and gets on top (her favorite). Finally he finishes in her mouth from the 69 position.

Maybe you'll get lucky and find Angie in the next VIP room you're in. You never know...it could happen!
Or you can watch it on X-Art instead ;-)


 

Come and watch this 'rich girl' get herself off in HD.

Gorgeous, privileged and extremely horny - Abby just arrived home from university.

While waiting for her lover, she slowly strips out of her jeans and white blouse and pushes her hands down inside her black cotton panties.

She rubs and fingers herself until she has her first orgasm of the evening.

But, she's not finished. She is hot and ready now, waiting for the real thing....



 

Watch Connie and her handsome boyfriend Aaron make love to each other in Paradise! Their love, authenticity, passion and beauty is a pleasure to behold...

After their morning swim, Connie and Aaron relaxed in the shade. Aaron gently brushed his fingertips across Connie's soft warm skin, arousing her. She wants to do the same for him so she takes his cock in her mouth until it becomes hard.

Connie smiled as Aaron massaged her. His hands tenderly cupping her full breasts.

As she reclined, she let her legs fall open, revealing her gorgeous pink pussy to her lover. She played with both hands, opening herself for him (and you) to watch.

Aaron rubbed her clit and slowly pushed the tip of his finger inside her. She smiled as her head fell back.

Connie pulled Aaron up so he could enter her. His gentle kisses comforted her as his cock brought her intense pleasure.

Finally Connie took control and climbed atop Aaron. The two lovers interlocked their fingers and moved in perfect unison.

Watch and enjoy as they experience a mutual orgasm, you won't want to miss the extreme close-up of their cum dripping out of her... beautiful erotica at it's very finest!


 

In this HD video, X-Art beauty Eufrat gets slips out of her black lingerie and masturbates to orgasm with her favorite sex toy.

Eufrat always wears a big smile on her face - for good reason. She's a vision of feminine beauty, grace and sexuality.

She slowly reveals her body as she removes her lingerie. Her curves are enticing and irresistible. As her hands explore her body, her excitement becomes obvious.

Her fingers explore her pussy, pushing one finger in... then two.

When she finally takes out her favorite sex toy - a firm black dildo - Eufrat is totally turned on. She shoves the toy deep inside, fucking herself with wild abandon until she comes!


 

In this exclusive HD X-Art video four gorgeous girls go out on the town for an evening of uninhibited sex and unforgettable good times! The story is a twist on a popular sexual fantasy, but this time - the GIRLS are in control!  It's Friday Night and it's time to have some fun! Spanish brunette Gabriella, little blond Anneli and her two sexy girlfriends hire a limousine to chauffeur them around the city as they go clubbing. As the wheels get rolling and the champagne starts flowing, the girls chat freely, each recounting her most recent sexual experience.  When Anneli brags about the time she fooled around with one of her female roommates, the other girls in the limo perk up. Acting on a dare, the older blond moves in for a flirtatious kiss. Annelia returns the favor and starts to unbutton her blouse.  With the music blaring, all four girls loosen their clothes and start to make out, snapping photos with their digital camera. Feeling totally uninhibited, Gabriella dares the other girls to grab a cute guy off the street and let him ride in back for a couple of blocks.  As the car turns the corner, they spot a handsome, dapper young man in his mid-twenties. Anneli rolls the window down. "Hey! Would you mind jumping in here to take a few photos of my girlfriends and I?" one of the girls asks. He gladly accepts the invitation and jumps in the back seat. Once he's inside the car, the girls agree that the guy is even cuter than they thought. They signal approval to each other and Gabriella starts to pull his shirt open to get a closer look.  Once his clothes are off, the girls take turns sucking the guy's cock, all the while snapping photos with their camera! Those are going to be some pretty naughty Facebook updates! Rock hard and ready, the guy needs no further encouragement. He proceeds to fuck three of the girls, one at a time, while the others cheer him on!  This is one Friday Night you'll never forget! Make sure to download and save this video to your permanent collection of quality erotica! 

Erica and her husband are a very naughty couple. They love to be with each other, but even more than that, they love to invite young girls into their bed!

While on holiday in Spain they meet the insatiable Sunshine, they both love her. Erica can not wait to share her husband with this athletic young girl and he can not wait to watch their passionate lesbian action!

Cum and watch this fun and truly authentic threesome, it will leave you dreaming of your next Spanish holiday!
 

Beautiful fashion model Tabitha just turned 18 and has experienced sex for the first time this year.

She is from the country and loves it there, but she comes during the week to the city for her fashion work.

On this night she finds herself waking up in her boyfriend's city apartment and recalls earlier in the evening when he said 'stay with me'. She is still an extremely innocent girl, but at the same time she is hungry for more of the passionate sex they shared the night before.

Watch her take his cock in her mouth and then pull him inside until they both have a beautiful, mutual orgasm.

Remember your first time staying the night? Or if not, maybe imagine it was like this.

Enjoy the latest cinematic erotic experience, only on X-Art.com!

 

Cum and watch Brazilian beauty 'Carmen' in her first sex scene!

This is the very first time Carmen has had sex on camera and because she was not that experienced sexually and we wanted to make sure she was comfortable with what went on; we decided to kind of let her direct the action.

She decided to start off by sucking on Mr. X's cock, then she let him know that she likes to be dominated and taken kind of hard: so she asks for this and for him to put his hand on her neck, she said it would turn her on...

Next, she jumps on top (and still shy) she sneaks an orgasm the only way she knows how.

Finally, Mr. X gets his turn to take her from behind and finishes all over her gorgeous pussy and perfectly flat stomach.

This one was a little difficult to shoot because of Carmen's inexperience, but we wanted to share her first time with you regardless. Hope you like it!


 

In this new HD video from X-Art, 18 year-old Abby explores her HOTTEST secret sexual fantasy - having sex with a tall, dark handsome stranger!

Abby comes from a family of means, so she's used to getting what she
wants. For her, the ultimate sexual fantasy involves seducing a
handsome older man and teasing him until he simply cannot resist.

When her parents were away for the weekend, Abby invited Pablo to come by and help her with her homework.

She was waiting in her blue jeans and white cotton blouse when he
arrived. Her shirt was unbuttoned just enough to arouse his curiosity.

Abby enticed Pablo to come closer, unbuttoning her shirt. His hands
reached inside, fondling her perfectly soft skin and ample breasts.

Pablo knew he would get fired if he was caught with his employer's daughter, but how could he say no?

Abby stepped out of her jeans, and encouraged Pablo to pull her
black panties all the way down. He started gently rubbing her pussy, and
she moaned in pleasure.

As she reclined on the couch, Abby remembered that she hadn't
planned to go 'all the way'. But Pablo begged her... Finally, she gave
way, opening her legs and letting him bury his tongue in her pussy.

She returned the favor, pushing him down onto his knees and taking
his cock in her mouth... teasing the tip with her tongue before
swallowing him all the way down her throat. What a show-off!

Abby got down on all fours, her pussy wet and ready as Pablo pushed his cock as far in as it would go, filling her all the way up!

Abby has never been fucked like this before. INCREDIBLE!

X-Art members be sure to download and save this HD video to your permanent collection of high quality erotica!

 

In this HD video, gorgeous brunette Caprice and blond Erica show off their perfect bodies in a HOT girl-to-girl encounter!

As they slowly shed their lacy lingerie, Caprice and Erica share a long, slow, tender kiss.

It's early in the morning. Watch your favorite two girls' tongues dance together in passion.

This is definitely one of the prettiest, explicit girl-on-girl photo series ever shot!


 

In this HD video, cute and sexy Brazilian beauty Carmen brings herself to orgasm on camera for the very first time!

At just 18 years of age, Carmen (her friends call her Jessie) doesn't have a lot of experience with sex. She's only been with two guys before, and she says she's only masturbated about 8-10 times in her life.

Needless to say, she was a little shy on camera... but we're thankful that she decided to share her sexual explorations with the members of X-Art.

On a romantic evening, with a fire burning in the fireplace, Carmen took out a vibrator and pressed it against her flesh. The sensation was, in her own words, "overwhelming."

The strong vibrations send shivers up her spine. She couldn't help but tilt her head backwards, as her eyes rolled back in her head.

Wanting more... she pushed the end of the vibrator firmly against her clit and just a little into her pussy - sending her over the edge.

X-Art members - we hope you'll enjoy watching this sexual newbie's very first orgasm on camera in glorious HD!


 

In this stunning HD video from X-Art, beautiful Spanish model Gabriella becomes aroused and brings herself to orgasm, as she recalls her very first time having sex.

Do you remember your first time? Gabriella fantasizes about it often. For her, the memory of her first sexual experience is always arousing.

Her fingers reach slowly inside her white cotton panties. Feeling the first drops of wetness. She slowly removes her underwear and pulls her billowing white shirt up over her breasts, exposing herself to the warm summer air.

Gabriella's fingers begin to move in circles, teasing her clit before plunging into her soft pink folds. She remembers how it felt, reaching down and grabbing his cock as he slowly guided it inside.

Waves of pleasure cum over Gabriella's slender body as she begins to fuck herself with two fingers. She rolls over on her side, lifting her ass up high, imagining him taking her from behind.

As Gabriella cums, waves of pleasure ripple through her body. She bucks her hips, lifting her legs as if to wrap them tightly around her first lover in the ultimate embrace�

 

Feel the summer heat as fiery redhead Elle shows you everything in this HD video from X-Art!

Elle shows off her sexy curves and soft smooth skin as she slips out of her bikini.

She loves to pose - always thinking about the guys and girls who will be looking at her photos.

"Getting naked ans playing with my body in front of the camera is a huge turn-on!" says Elle.

Turning around slowly, Elle shows us that perky bubble-butt is just one of her perfectly divine features.

She reclines on an outdoor lounge chair, spreading her pussy open to
the sun. Feeling the wetness within, she plunges two fingers all the
way inside...  X-Art members, enjoy the show! 

In this HD video, cum and watch Maryjane and Presley share each other and their men in X-Art's first foursome!

The
video begins with the two 'friendly' couples outside by the pool. The
girls begin making out, then  Presley takes turns sucking both cocks
while Maryjane goes down on her.

Next, the men take turns with the girls in a few different positions
until each girl finds her favorite position and has a strong orgasm.
Maryjane returning the favor to Mr. X sucks hard on his cock until he
cums in her mouth. Tommy fucks Presley from behind until he cums all
over her perfect ass.

Imagine it's you and your friends, you won't want to miss this fun foursome! 

Remember the good old days in college? In this exquisite HD video from X-Art, watch a cute college couple as they have sex with each other for the very first time!

Veronica walked slowly into Tommy's dorm room, wearing a skimpy negligee. Slowly, she made her way to the bed, teasing him as she undressed.

As she pulled her top down, her perfectly firm breasts and smooth nipples stood at attention.

Veronica grabbed his bulging cock in one hand, bringing it to her lips. She teased the tip before taking it DEEP - as far as possible down her throat. She smiled and looked up while she swallowed his cock, showing off her incredible oral sex skills.

Once he was hard, Veronica reclined on the bed, showing off her
perky ass and then turning over to spread her pussy open while looking
him in the eyes - the ULTIMATE temptation.

When it was finally time, Tommy pushed the head of his massive cock
into her pussy. Veronica moaned - a blend of pleasure and an overwhelming 'tight'
feeling inside.

As she rode his cock, Veronica let go and felt the waves of pleasure
come over her body.

When Tommy was finally on the edge of ecstasy, Veronica took his cock in her mouth one last time, smiling the sweetest smile as he came in her mouth!
 

Download this hot HD video from X-Art and watch prettty little Latina Veronica spray cum all over - in one of the wettest orgasms we've ever seen!

Veronica looks so pretty in her lace camisole and matching panties. She watches herself in the mirror as she dances seductively, letting her undergarments fall to the floor.

Once she's totally nude, she turns towards the camera. She gently spreads her ass cheeks open with both hands, revealing something totally irresistible!

Veronica reclines on the bed and lets her knees fall wide apart. She runs her hands down her body, brushing against her flat, firm stomach as her fingers make their way to her eagerly waiting pussy.

She moves her fingers in slow circles at first, rubbing her clit. Gradually she pushes her pointer finger inside, feeling the first drops of wetness. As the pleasure builds throughout her body, she starts to fuck herself with her finger... faster and faster until it's obvious she's about to cum.

Veronica throws her head back, as spasms of uncontrollable pleasure shake her body. Finally she cums, spraying her juices all over her ass and the bed! WOW!

Not surprised by her own performance, she smiles like a cat and licks her fingers.

As if one orgasm wasn't enough, Veronica turns over and continues to fuck herself doggy style. As she raises her ass high in the air, her perfect pussy protrudes through her ass cheeks. OMG, this girl is so HOT!

Can you imagine what you'd do to Veronica if you were there with her right now?

Her pussy is soaking wet, horny, and ready for MORE! Cum inside and fuck her NOW!

 

In this HD video, Caprice and her lucky man explore the intimate pleasures of anal sex.

Caprice looked gorgeous, lounging in the bedroom. As her boyfriend
sauntered into the room, she grabbed his cock and took it in her mouth.
He stood at attention as she swirled her tongue around the head.

Caprice wasted no more time. She laid back on the bed, spread her knees apart, and plunged his cock inside her aching pussy.

After several minutes of sex, Caprice was on the verge of orgasm.
She pulled him out and flipped over onto all fours, raising her ass high
up in the air.

Caprice reached back and spread herself open, making an irresistible prize.

"Oooooh!" she moaned as he pressed his bulging cock-head against the
opening of her ass. She could feel herself stretching to accommodate - a
mix of pleasure and mild discomfort that drove her to the edge!

Finally he pushed his cock into her ass. She smiled and rubbed her pussy.This was one of her favorite ways to cum!!! 

In this incredible HD X-Art video, Malena is totally delicious as she steps out of her sexy lingerie and masturbates in a private show, just for you!

Malena knows how to move - to her, dance is a form of seduction. She sways her hips back and forth to the music, calling your attention.

She reclines on a chair and pulls off her lingerie, revealing everything. As she begins to play with herself, you can see that the excitement is completely genuine.

Malena says, "I've never faked an orgasm. So, why would I start now? My fans want to watch me cum for real!"

We totally agree, and so will you, when you watch the cum dripping out of her pussy and she reaches the height of orgasm!

X-Art members, be sure download and save this HD video to your permanent collection of quality erotica!
 

In this HD video, Karina and her lucky boyfriend enjoy having sex on a sultry summer afternoon - while you watch!

Dylan was sitting by the pool checking his email when Karina walked up wearing a summer dress. She wanted his attention, which didn't take long.

As they started kissing, Karina noticed the bulge in his pants. She flashed a big smile and looked into his eyes as she pulled his pants a bit lower.

Karina doesn't have a lot of experience with oral sex, but Dylan really didn't mind. She still loved watching her pretty face as she playfully licked his cock.

Dylan returned the favor, getting down on his knees to taste the wetness between her legs.

Karina removed her dress and pulled him up, encouraging him to enter her from above. The feeling of their soft smooth flesh touching sent waves of pleasure up her spine...




 

In this HD video from X-Art, sexy blond Erica tries her very first double penetration!

Erica is a free spirit, and she loves to experiment with sex. She
got really turned on just thinking about having a threesome with two
studly guys.

Erica's boyfriend watched with a smile on his face as she started to
suck on Mr. X's generously-sized member. She did her best to swallow it
down her throat, which made a really sexy sound.

In the meantime, Erica's boyfriend reached around and grabbed her
ass, gently spreading her pink pussy open... it was getting really wet
inside.

Erica reclined on the bed and opened her legs. Her boyfriend spooned
her and started to fuck her from behind as she continued to suck lucky
Mr. X's cock.

After a few minutes, Erica's boyfriend asked her, "Do you want him to fuck you too?"

She smiled as they switched positions. Mr. X pushed his big cock
inside her tight pussy as she gulped down her boyfriend. In and out...
Mr. X pounded her slowly at first, then faster and deeper.

When Erica was about to cum, she reached back and grabbed one ass
cheek. She looked her boyfriend in the eyes and said, "Come on. I'm
ready now, Baby!"

Her boyfriend eagerly guided the tip of his cock into her ass. It made a little popping sound as it slid in, tight as could be.

We hope you enjoy watching as much as Erica enjoyed making this video!
 

Remember your first love or your first time? Watch Maryjane in this hot HD video and you'll wish it was with her!

The intensity and desire that course through young veins is something we (as a human race) never really forget. After all, without sex we would not exist. Sex, (along with food and water LOL) is one of the only things we can't live without, the reason why the innate desire to procreate comes on so strong when we hit our teens...and actually never completely subsides.

In this video the raw passion and excitement of young love is captured flawlessly on film. Watch Maryjane and Tommy breathlessly make-out, watch her tease him and take his cock in her mouth until he can't stand it any longer and enters her from above. She then climbs on top of his large member and rides him until they have an awesome mutual orgasm! Ahh, young love!

You will not want to miss this one. Members make sure to download and save this HD Video to your permanent collection of high-quality erotica!
 

Check out the latest HD video from X-Art, featuring stunning models Malena and Elle getting HOT in the sauna!  

As Malena walks into the sauna, it's easy to appreciate the prefect curves of her body. She takes a seat on the cedar bench next to Elle, who is waiting patiently.   

The girls are good friends, but this is the first time they've ever shared a kiss. Malena moves in slowly and their lips brush gently together.   Elle can't wait to explore Malena's body. She dips one finger inside Malena's mouth, wetting the tip on her tongue. Her hand moves lower, caressing Malena's nipples and breasts before finally making it down to her pussy.   

Elle feels the fullness of Malena's puffy pussy lips with one hand, while lowering herself onto her knees to get a taste. Her tongue swirls around the outside first... teasing Malena. Malena spreads her pussy open with both hands as Elle fucks her with one finger.   

Malena returns the favor, exploring Elle's breasts and pussy with her fingers and tongue. Finally Malena lifts herself up and positions her pussy just above Elle's face. She bucks wildly as her friend brings her to the peak of orgasm!

X-Art Members be sure to download the 1080 HD version of this video to save it to your permanent collection of high quality erotica!

 

In this HD erotic video, beautiful blond Mary plays with her gorgeous breasts and pussy - while dreaming of you!

Mary is truly stunning. Her silky hair and bright blue eyes are enough to make you fall in love at first sight.

As she runs her hands up and down her body, she looks right into the camera. It's as though she knows you're watching her.

She wants you inside of her. But, since you're not there, Mary has to use a substitute, a big clear glass dildo. She pushes the toy slowly inside her small pussy, opening it gently in the process.

Finally she gets the toy all the way inside. She starts to fuck herself faster and faster... building up until she just can't wait any longer. If only it were you!


 

In this sexy new HD video from X-Art, Maryjane lounges in the nude on a
carefree summer day. She starts masturbating with her fingers and then makes herself cum for REAL using her favorite pink vibrator!

What a beauty... Maryjane has soft auburn hair, radiant light blue eyes, puffy nipples and a petite figure.

She's nonchalant as she reaches down to touch her pussy, as if to
say she isn't shy about showing you what she looks like down there.

Leaning back, she begins to gently rub her pussy, getting the blood
pumping. The pleasure causes her to tilt her head upwards towards the
sun.

She spreads herself open just before plunging one finger all the way inside.

Finally, she takes out her favorite sex toy - a pink vibrator, which she holds firmly against the opening of her pussy.

Her entire body shakes in pleasure as the cums like never before! Enjoy the show! 

In this HD video, blonde fashion model Annemarie slips out of her bikini and shows you more than ever before.

Annemarie is accustomed to being in front of the camera. She's appeared in many magazines and catalogs as a fashion model.

When she decided to work with X-Art, she agreed to push herself
beyond her usual boundaries... to see what it felt like to really expose
herself to the camera.

After slipping out of her colorful bikini, Annemarie reclined on the
sofa and let her fingers wander down. She teased us, spreading her
perfect pink pussy open just a tiny bit at first.

She moved her pointer-finger in slow circles, gently rubbing her clit. She pushed one finger inside, then spread herself wider.

She inserts her fingers and pulls gently in and out. After a little while she asks if she can use her favorite vibrator (of course we say yes, we do not like to deny the models anything). She holds the head of the vibrating toy against her clit until she has a powerful orgasm for the FIRST time ever on camera. She is so proud of herself for cumming on camera, she is all smiles the rest of the week in Spain.

Come inside and watch Annemarie's first (on camera) Orgasm, only on X-Art!

 

Watch this HD Video and imagine you're sitting by the pool, soaking up the sun, when along comes 19 year old Stacy, wearing a denim bikini and sunglasses.

She puts your cock in her mouth - wasting no time at all. She
swirls her tongue around the tip, looking up at you with her pretty
blue eyes.

After a few moments of sucking, you're already on the brink of orgasm.

She pulls
down her bikini bottoms. Her tiny pussy looks irresistible in the
sunlight.

She climbs on top of you and straddles your cock. Lowering down
slowly, she can barely fit you inside. She bucks up and down like a
wild animal, easing your cock all the way in - then out again.

You can feel the cum building up inside you as you flip her over
onto her knees and fuck her doggy-style. She looks so hot with her
little ass way up high in the air.

Finally, you turn her onto her back and press your cock as deep
inside her as you can. She smiles as you pull back, spraying your cum
all over her hot pink pussy!

This is why we LOVE summertime! ;-)

Members, download and save to your permanent collection of high-quality erotica.
 

In this HD video, watch stunning blonde model Erica and her lucky boyfriend fuck another girl in her very first threesome!

Erica and her strapping boyfriend are totally sexually liberated. They love to bring other girls to bed now and then just to keep things HOT!

Some of the highlights of this video include Erica and Stacy giving a two-way blowjob (sharing is caring), and Erica taking her guy's cock in her mouth and then immediately pushing it deep inside Stacy's pink pussy.

In the finale, as he fucks one girl, he licks the other girl's pussy... and then he explodes in orgasm inside Stacy. This must be love!

Watch and enjoy! 

In this HD video, sexy Silvie strips out of her white top and panties and gives you an unforgettable private sex show in an idyllic Mediterranean setting.

Imagine spending the afternoon with this gorgeous brunette. As she enters your view, she's wearing a tight white thong bikini and matching cotton top. She wants to wrap her long long legs around you.

Silvie's hips sway back and forth to the music. She pulls her top off, revealing the most delectable breasts! Her perfectly sun-kissed brown nipples stand at attention, her first sign of arousal.

As the music fades out, it's just you and her, all alone. She lets her fingers explore every curve of her gorgeous body, eventually finding their way to her pussy.

As she slides her fingers in and out - she thinks of you... imagining your cock pulsating inside her.

Silvie has no hesitation making herself cum while you watch... enjoy the show!
 

In this HD video, watch two gorgeous girls enjoy mind-blowing orgasms!

Caprice and Gabriella slip out of their clothes and share several tender, passionate kisses. Next they help each other out of their lingerie so they can enjoy each others' perfect bodies.

The site of Gabriella gently licking Caprice's puffy, perky nipples as Caprice writhes in pleasure is enough to turn anyone one - man or woman!

After licking Gabriella's pussy, Caprice pulls out her favorite sex toy - a black vibrating 'massager' that Colette says, "gives OUT OF THIS WORLD orgasms"

Caprice makes Gabriella cum, then turns the toy on herself for an unforgettable finish!


 

In this cinematic, HD erotic masterpiece, X-Art captures the beauty of sex (with gorgeous brunette Silvie), in a way that has never before been caught on film.

Enter the room as her handsome lover, and she will warm you with her attention. Move closer - she will bathe you with her affection.

Her hands close behind your head, pulling you to her. When your lips collide, she is the only woman in the world. Her tongue dances gently in your mouth. You can taste her warmth.

Once you have her fully nude, you slide your tongue slowly across her butterscotch skin. Her nipples stand erect in response to your movements.

Finally, you enter her. Your cock barely fits inside. It fills her all the way up. You start to pound her, which she loves. The pleasure is almost too much.

Silvie is waiting for you to cum!

X-Art members, be sure to download and save this video. 'Perfect Lovers' will definitely be on your list of the Top 10 Best Erotic Movies of All Time.



 

In this HD video, watch spicy Latina Marie shake and move her body to the music.

Marie's lingerie comes off quickly as the music starts. Her hips gyrate and she shakes her ass like nobody's business.

It turns her on knowing you're watching her, performing a sexy, erotic dance - for your eyes only.

Her fingers wander down, finding their way to her pussy. Moving in time with the music, she starts to touch herself.

Eventually she forgets the camera is even there. Alone in her pleasure, she rides an orgasmic wave until she's satisfied...

 

In this HD video, gorgeous amateur Katherine shares an intimate sexual moment - and an incredible orgasm - just for you!
 

In this HD video, Silvie and Erica share a SUPER-HOT sexual encounter while their boyfriends are away.

Blonde Erica invited her gorgeous friend Silvie over for the afternoon, since their guys went surfing.

The girls planned to spend the time catching up on each others' lives and nude sunbathing - working on their all-over suntans.

When Erica saw Silvie's long, slender, perfect body and those full, perky breasts, something stirred inside her. With butterflies in her stomach, Erica took a chance by giving her close friend a playful kiss on the nose.

Silvie responded by kissing Erica, this time full on the mouth. Sparks started to fly when their tongues finally met, swirling together in the soft, warm flesh.

Erica climbed on top of Silvie and pressed one knee between her legs, feeling the warmth there. With her right hand, she started to gently rub Silvie's pussy, using a circular motion.

Silvie relaxed fully as Erica's tongue danced around her pussy, gently licking her lips and the area around her clit. Silvie wanted to wait for her orgasm, to be sure they could come at the same time. So, just as she was about to cum, she lifted herself up and switched positions.

Erica's pussy was absolutely beautiful. Silvie added extra wetness with her tongue and then gradually worked one (and then TWO) fingers inside. Silvie fucked her with her fingers while playfully licking her clit.

Erica then grabbed her favorite sex toy - a double-headed dildo that was perfect for a girl-on-girl experience like this.

These two gorgeous girls proceeded to fuck each other at the same time - an incredible pleasure and a sight to behold!

 

In this 1080 HD video, you can imagine having sex with one of the most beautiful women in the world, in an idyllic Mediterranean setting!

Stunning brunette Caprice begins by giving a mind-bending blowjob to her lucky friend.

Then he slowly, he pushes his cock inside her tight pussy, filling her to the limit.

They make love with passion, feeling wave after wave of pleasure.

Her turns her over and enters her from behind, her favorite position. Caprice and her friend finally cum together.

As he pulls out, you can see the cum dripping out of her... they share a kiss and a smile, happy and satisfied...

Enjoy this incredible HD video, only on X-Art!

 

Enjoy this full HD video featuring 20 year-old Spanish beauty Gabriella as she gives herself body, mind and spirit to one very lucky guy!

When Mr. X first met Gabriella, he says his heart skipped a beat.
The two hit it off right away. They spent an entire day together
sunbathing naked by the pool, getting to know each other, laughing and
having a great time.

Conversation led to kisses, and the sparks started to fly. Gabriella
suggested they head to an open bedroom upstairs, and of course our
cameras were their to capture the natural evolution of their summer
romance.

Gabriella dropped her towel and pushed X back onto the bed. They
rubbed noses and giggled before sharing a long, slow, romantic kiss. X
gently pushed her hair back out of her eyes as Gabriella lowered herself
down.

She wasted no time taking his cock in her mouth. She flicked the
head with her tongue, and then swallowed as much as she could. Mr. X was
in heaven as he felt the inside of her throat, closing in around him.

He eagerly returned the favor, circling her clit with his tongue. In his words, she tasted, "So good!"

He lifted himself up, teasing her pussy with his rock hard cock.
Finally she could wait no more. She turned over onto all fours, lifting
her pussy high in the air.

Mr X pressed the tip of his cock into her eagerly awaiting pussy.
The wetness invited him in. He filled Gabriella, satisfying her desire
to be taken. She could feel the head of his cock rubbing against her
G-spot.

Gabriella climbed on top - the easiest way for her to have an
orgasm. She rode him, bucking her hips, pressing her weight down onto
her clit. She drew in a big breath just before she came. Her eyes closed
instinctively, as if
her soul might leave her body when she came if she left them open.

Although she felt love for Mr. X, Gabriella wasn't ready to get pregnant. So she asked him if he would cum in her mouth.

"For you, anything" he replied. As she gazed up at him, his cock in
her mouth, he came in spurts. Gabriella smiled, the two lovers finally
satisfied.

 

JUST RELEASED! This beautiful, brand new 1080 HD film from X-Art.com single-handedly redefines contemporary erotica.

Shot on RED cameras, and featuring real-life husband and wife duo Silvie and James, Just Married is a gorgeous, cinematic exploration of real sex, true beauty, and heartfelt passion.

As Silvie and James fuck, they look deeply and lovingly into each other's eyes. The feelings are undeniable between these two young lovers, who were just married two weeks prior.

To capture such raw yet real emotion in a short format erotic film is truly X-Art style!

X-Art members, be sure to download and save the 1080 HD version of this incredible new video to your permanent collection of high-quality erotica.

Not a member yet? Click here to join now! 

In this HD video you are the voyeur... watch a real life amateur couple sharing love, sex and passion on camera for the very first time!

The authenticity and connection is evident as Tatiana and her boyfriend have sex on camera for the very first time, only on X-Art.

It's something a bit different than you'll see other places... not 'pro' performers - just real people having real sex.

After a very sexy blowjob, Tatiana spreads her pussy and let's her boyfriend have his way with her. Her favorite position is definitely 'doggy style' - she loves the way it feels to get pounded from behind.

Download and save the HD version of this video, then jump in bed and enjoy the night with this cute couple!
 

Mary and her man enjoy each other - body and soul - in this real sexual encounter between two lovers...

After a hot blowjob, Mary takes his oversize cock all the way inside her tight pussy... it barely fits!

The couple makes love, finishing with a mutual orgasm... you can see the cum dripping out of her pussy at the end. Enjoy the passion!

 

In this HD video, super-HOT Caprice and Sunshine meet in a Spanish Garden, get undressed and explore each other's bodies with eager fingers and tender tongues!

Blond goddess Sunshine makes the first move, enticing Caprice to come closer. Once their lips meet, there's no stopping them.

Sunshine is first to go down on Caprice. Sunshine rolls her tongue around Caprice's pussy until waves of pleasure cum over her.

Caprice then has her turn to return the favor. She ravishes Sunshine, making her hips buck wildly at the end of her orgasm.

X-Art members, download and enjoy this HD video!

 

Watch as gorgeous Leila stuffs her pussy with a huge blue dildo and cums like crazy under the Caribbean sun.

Just off the plane and landed in the Caribbean, beautiful Leila has yet to be kissed by the sun. She tells us she is really horny and wants to get started right away with her favorite toy (she did loan it to Caprice for another video later on the trip).

She strips out of her tiny bikini and teases herself. She gets excited with anticipation and truly enjoys being watched.

She beckons us to look as she pulls out a giant dildo, slowly works the head in and then the whole huge thing! After riding the toy and working it in different positions, she has an awesome real orgasm!



 

It's time for you to get in bed for a wild time with THREE of the most beautiful women in the world!

Tiffany, Caprice and Francesca enjoy each others' perfect bodies in this gorgeous HD video.

X-Art members, download and enjoy this classic erotic film and save it to your permanent collection of high quality erotica!

 

Mia and Mr. X share a beautiful, intimate sexual experience that begins with laughter and romantic cuddling, and leads up to a crescendo of hot, heavy and deep fucking!

Mia smiles and laughs as Mr. X rubs her shoulders. It feels so good, the word 'Love' comes to her mind.

He starts fingering her, and she throws her head back, mouth open... in ecstasy.

Finally Mr. X takes his turn fucking Mia. He pushes his bulging cock all the way inside her.... REALLY DEEP, which makes her literally shake with pleasure!

X-Art members, be sure to download and save this video to your permanent collection!

 

In this incredible X-Art HD video, watch two hot blondes make out with
each other in the shower... until one of them cums like crazy!

After
several, long, slow, tender kisses, the two girls moved over to bathtub,
where they perched on the edge.

Francesca's fingers slowly massaged Leila's clit, which became full
and puffy. A small drop of wetness dripped out of Leila, signaling her
readiness.

Francesca grabbed a clear sex toy (affectionately called 'The Egg'
due to it's size and shape), and began pushing it slowly inside Leila's
pussy.

The sheer size of the toy made it really difficult to get inside.
But, determined as she is, Leila grabbed it with two hands and forced it
in. She let out a big breath and a sigh and it slid inside her.

Francesca kissed her on the mouth and continued massaging her clit as she slowly pulled the big clear toy out of Leila's pussy.

The sensations were more than she could take. Leila's entire body shook in orgasm!
 

Sit back, relax and enjoy this 2-guy on 1-girl threesome, X-Art style!

Lucky little brunette Katka was taking a nap with her handsome boyfriend, when his buddy stopped by to have a little fun. Earlier that day, the guys had talked about how hot it would be if they both fucked Katka at the same time. "What the heck. Let's do it!" they decided.

They took turns putting their cocks down Katka's throat and deep into her pussy. Katka was totally turned on - and thrilled by - her very first time getting fucked by two studs!

Her boyfriend loved it too, there's something so sexy about seeing another guy shove his cock in your girlfriend or wife's mouth while you're fucking her.

He came in bursts in her pussy, and then watched as his buddy came in her mouth. Incredible!
 

Anal sex truly is an art form. It takes patience, practice, and love to do it right.

"Some people are afraid of anal sex because they've never tried it,
or they had a bad experience once and never went back." says Marie, a
brunette beauty from Spain.

21-year-old Marie told us she really enjoys a good ass fucking now
and then, and she wanted to share her thoughts on the topic with our
members.

"The key to anal sex is to make sure your girlfriend/wife/lover is
TOTALLY turned on, relaxed and ready - before you get started. Once her
pussy is dripping wet and she's teetering on the brink of orgasm, you'll
both find it more enjoyable."

"Next... get your cock nice and wet with her pussy juice, saliva or a
water-based lube. Let her get on top, putting her in control and giving
you an incredible show!" Marie demonstrated with her lover for our
cameras.

"Start out really slow, like this. Push just the head of your cock
inside." Marie sat down gently on her lover's bulging cock, taking it
only a half-inch at a time.

"Take your time... It's really tight at first. The slower you go, the longer you can savor the experience!"

Gradually Marie slid his entire shaft inside her tight ass.

"One of the best parts about having a cock buried deep in your ass,
is playing with your pussy at the same time." she said, stroking her
clit and spreading her pussy lips apart.

"When my ass is full, it makes my pussy tighter than ever! Look. I can barely fit one finger inside now. "

Marie bucked and arched her back as she came, gently rubbing her engorged clit as she banged herself with her fingers.

Her lover couldn't wait any longer, his cock exploded in a wave of ecstasy as he shot his hot cum deep in her ass.

The lovers shared a slow, deep french kiss, as Marie added one final
thought. "My deepest and most fulfilling orgasms always happen when my
boyfriend fucks my ass while I play with my pussy. The feeling is
incredible!" 

In this HD video, stunning brunette Caprice is all alone in her hotel room, wishing you were there to keep her warm.

Dressed in a sexy black outfit and high heel shoes, Caprice stretches her long, lean body across the bed.

Horny after a long day on the airplane, her pussy is aching to be touched. She lets her fingers wander downward.

You'll love watching Caprice's gorgeous lips and eyes closeup as she brings herself to an amazing orgasm. It's practically like being right there in bed with her!
 

Watch long-legged, model Victoria have passionate sex with Mr. X in this HD video.

Victoria was telling me how she is really horny all of the time, but for some reason never has a boyfriend. She says that she likes to have 'friends with benefits'.

Well, she was at our shoot with a few friends and this naughty, little nympho showed us what she meant!

Pay attention when she gets on top and rides Mr. X until she cums. Also check out the awesome close-ups and the cute faces she makes during sex.

More of Victoria and her 'friends' will be cumming to X-Art soon! ;-)

 

The HD video is here... It's time to jump in bed with these two gorgeous girls and live out the ultimate fantasy!

In this full HD 1080 video, Mr. X is enjoying a romantic evening in bed with his honey. After an
amazing blowjob, he starts fucking her - pounding away at her tight
pussy.

Just when he thinks it can't get any hotter, Victoria's friend
Melanie jumps in bed. At first she just watches, as his cock slides in
and out of Victoria. The site of Victoria's pussy juice all over his
cock got Melanie super-horny.

Victoria motioned and the two girls moved in to kiss Mr. X. Their
three tongues intertwined. Melanie took her turn with his cock. First,
she licked and sucked Victoria's juice from the shaft.

She turned around, doggy style, raising her ass and pussy up in the
air. Victoria helped position her, as Mr. X pushed his cock inside her
gorgeous Latina pussy.

Finally ready to cum, Victoria took another turn riding Mr. X's cock
while Melanie held her pussy just above his face so he could pleasure
her with his tongue.

They came together - in an incredible three-way orgasm! Cum inside and download this unforgettable HD video!
 

Just after the sun sets, Tiffany and Faye share an intimate moment on a remote tropical beach.

The afternoon began innocently enough. The two girls sunbathed at the beach, sharing stories about shopping and boys.

Faye started to flirt with Tiffany, daring her to take her clothes
off and go skinny dipping. Faye moved in to steal a kiss from Tiffany's
irresistible, full, pouting lips.

When they kissed, the energy was magnetic. Their bodies pulled
together automatically, and their clothes came off piece by piece.

Faye wrestled Tiffany into submission, tracing her tongue down her
body towards her pussy. From the '69' position, both girls could enjoy
each other - at last.

Faye slipped her fingers deep inside Tiffany's pussy, feeling the inviting wetness pull her in...
 

Enjoy this HD video featuring gorgeous Caprice playing with a clear dildo that lets you see deep inside!

When we met up in Caprice in Europe, she was looking more beautiful and
radiant than ever. Her body was in top shape, and her skin was flawless
and smooth.

Caprice was sitting in bed reading a naughty novel, wearing white
cotton panties and a matching top. As she pulled the top of her shirt
up, her perfectly perky breasts jutted out. The feeling of the warm air
on her naked skin turned her on.

She slowly slipped her hand inside her panties, brushing her outer
lips with two fingers. She could feel that she was already starting to
get wet.

On her back, Caprice slipped off her panties, lifting her feet high
in the air to give better access to her pussy. She opened her pussy lips
with both hands, so she could feel the wetness inside.

Caprice played with herself for a minute or two before grabbing her
new sex toy - a large, smooth, clear glass 'kaleidoscope' dildo.  She
licked the cylinder to get it wet, and then rubbed it gently on the
outside of her pussy.

As she pushed the end of the toy into the soft opening of her pussy,
she wondered how on earth she could ever fit it inside. She could feel
her lips stretching around the hard shaft.

Once the toy hit the wetness inside, it moved more easily. She
worked it back and forth until she was able to slide the end in. She
moaned uncontrollably in pleasure. The stretch felt so good!

As she slowly moved the toy in and out, her pussy lips grabbed on
tightly. Can you imagine what it would feel like if that were your cock
instead of the toy? OMG!

As Caprice turned towards us, we could suddenly see all the way -
deep inside her. Rings of perfect pink flesh seemed to go on forever.

After she had an orgasm, Caprice pulled the toy out gently and licked her juices off of it... A beautiful sight to behold. 

Imagine yourself enjoying the ultimate indulgence, a sexy blowjob by two angelic beauties, followed by HOT sex with them both!

The girls start out sharing a tender kiss. Their lips meet and their tongues intertwine in a dance of passion.

Sam, the blonde, takes her turn first, wrapping her lips around your
aching cock. She teases the head for a while, then pushes it all the
way inside, so you can feel the back of her throat.

The girls alternate, taking turns swallowing your cock. They wrap
their lips around you at the same time, gliding up and down. It's better
than sex!

But wait, there's a little surprise! The girls look at each other
and smile. Sam whispers something to her friend, and before you know it,
she's spreading her friend's pussy open, begging you to fuck her!

You push the head of your cock inside the redhead's tight pink pussy. It fills her all the way up.

She then climbs on top of you, so you can taste her pussy while you finally fuck Sam... 

In this HD video, cute fashion model Tiffany strips out of her little skirt and masturbates while you watch.

You won't find another girl this stunning who's willing to show you
everything. Tiffany is a truly sexual girl and absolutely gorgeous!

Be sure to download and save this stunning video in full 1080 HD!
 

Best friends Caprice and Katherine always wondered what it would be like to kiss each other.

After a few glasses of champagne, their inhibitions melted away and their clothes came off.

In a tender embrace, their lips finally met. Caprice never knew her friend's lips were so soft. She gently pushed her tongue inside Katherine's mouth, sending a wave of pleasure across her entire body.

Katherine was overcome with desire. She rubbed Caprice's clit with one finger, feeling the first drops of wetness. Caprice opened her legs to let her friend go further...



 

In this HD video, Mikah invites her best friend Katka over for a HOT threesome with her lucky boyfriend!

Katka had a fight with her boyfriend the night before. Poor girl, Mikah rubbed her shoulders to ease the tension.

Before long, the girls clothes were coming off, and their lips intertwined in a tender kiss.

Lucky for Mikah's boyfriend, the girls were feeling very adventurous. They began with a super-sexy two-way blowjob... taking turns licking and swallowing his cock.

Then, Katka played with her pussy while Mikah climbed up and lowered herself down on her boyfriend's cock, taking him all the way inside.

She rode him like a stallion while Katka kissed her. Just for fun, Katka grabbed his dick - still wet with her friend's pussy juices, and licked it a few times before putting it back inside so they could continue fucking.

Just to be fair, Katka finally got her turn. He pulled out of Mikah and slid his cock deep inside Katka's pussy. Mikah got a little jealous for one second, but then her sexual excitement took over.

This lucky guy then took turns fucking one girl, and then the next... back and forth... until he exploded in a unbelievable eruption of hot cum!
 

In this 1080 HD video, Leila was sunbathing topless with a couple of her girlfriends, looking
out over the turquoise water. She decided to slip off her bikini bottom
to get an even suntan.

As she rubbed oil over her body, her skin glistened. Leila's fingers
brushed across her inner thigh, sending a jolt of pleasure through her
body.

She started masturbating as her friends looked on, smiling. Two of
her fingers found their way into her mouth and then into her pussy.

The excitement of being watched was a major turn on! She spread her
knees apart and pushed three fingers inside, opening herself wider...


 

Alone in her apartment, gorgeous blond Mary is sleeping in bed. You can see her through the doorway, touching herself.

Her hands run up and down her narrow waist, grasping her perfect breasts.

She feels a warmth spreading across her body. She licks her finger gracefully just before sliding it into her pussy.

She loves the way she feels inside - so warm, so smooth, so wet. Her own pussy turns her on even more.

Want to watch her cum?

 

In this crystal-clear 1080 HD video, you'll enjoy super-extreme closeup shots of Hayden's perfect little pink pussy as she fucks herself with a see-through sex toy!

Hayden had never tried a toy quite like this before, but she loved it. "It feels good how it's so smooth. Plus, it's really cool how you can
see all the way inside me!"

Once she got the rounded end of the toy past her outer pussy lips,
she started to slide it in and out slowly. The light shined inside;
revealing a kaleidoscope of pink flesh.

The pleasurable sensation of her pussy stretched around the toy was soon more than Hayden could handle.

Her eyes rolled back in her head and she bit down on her bottom lips as she came uncontrollably!
You can literally see the cum inside her!

Be sure to download and save this HD video to your permanent collection of high quality erotica!

 

As you watch this HD video, you can imagine coming home from work early to find this long-legged brunette playing with herself in your bed.

What would you do?

Tatiana is the kind of girl who likes to be watched. Having an audience makes it all the more naughty and exciting!

While you wait just outside the doorway, she plays with her pussy.
She looks amazing, with her ass high in the air and a vibrating toy
pressed against her clit.

Waves of ecstasy shoot through her body as she has her first orgasm. Finally she's ready for you!

It's your turn to cum!

 

Watch Caprice and Francesca make each other cum in this exquisite lesbian experience.

Caprice and Francesca are both bisexual. When asked they'll tell you that they "prefer men" but also truly "enjoy the company of a woman." We shot an earlier video of these two with the double-headed dildo and it seems they developed girl-crushes on each other. They requested that we shoot another video of them together.

The video starts with passionate kisses. Next, Caprice pulls off Francesca's white cotton panties and makes her cum with her tongue and fingers.

Francesca, naughty as she is, pulls out a large black dildo and pushes it inside Caprice. She fucks her with the dildo and rubs Caprice's clit with her fingers until she has a hard orgasm.

It is romantic, yet extremely sexual. Watch it alone and imagine you're in bed with them or watch it with your partner and imagine you're both in bed with these two gorgeous girls!

Download and save this HD video to your permanent collection :-)

 

In a moment of passion, Tiffany and her lucky male friend share a romantic mutual orgasm!

Tiffany was feeling nice and relaxed after a gentle shoulder rub. She eagerly slipped off her red shirt-dress and wrapped her knees around him - pulling him close.

They both smiled as their lips met in a french kiss. Then Tiffany crawled on top of him, her perfect ass raised high in the air.

She moved down and took his cock in her mouth. It quickly grew rock hard, moving down the back of her throat.

He entered her from behind, pressing his cock as far in as it would go.

Tiffany's eyes grew even more beautiful - with love and sexual energy beaming out of her.

The two moved together, as one. Their eyes locked.

"I love you!" she said as the orgasm took over. Her lover's cock sprayed a stream of cum inside her. Her face grew flush. They held each other for a moment before he pulled out.

"Look what you did," she said, referring to the cum dripping out of her pussy.

She reached down and spread herself open and played with his cum. Fully satisfied, they kissed again...


 

Watch Tiffany' s first lesbian experience. She and Caprice kiss, lick and explore their bodies in this stunning HD video.

Tiffany is just 18 and has never been with a girl, lucky for her Caprice will be her first experience.

Caprice loves lesbian sex and is an excellent first partner for fashion model Tiffany. They start with slow, tender kisses until Tiffany is so turned on that she can't wait.  Caprice guides Tiffany as she licks and fingers her pussy, then Caprice takes a turn on Tiffany. They are wanting more so they get out a simple sex toy and use it to make each other cum. 

Make sure to download and save this great HD video of Tiffany's first lesbian experience!
 

The cure for Winter Blues is here... an incredible 1080 HD video, featuring a sun-kissed brunette beauty getting herself off -
just for you!

We LOVE this video because the model (Caprice) is absolutely
perfect, the action is 100% genuine, and the warm tropical setting of
our X-Art beach house made an ideal backdrop.

As Caprice slips off her white cotton panties and starts to explore her body - we're all in for an unforgettable treat!

You can see the tiny droplets of perspiration form on her bronze skin as she spreads her pussy open, towards the sun.

Finally, she takes out her favorite sex toy - a big soft blue dildo that she says feels "Just like a real cock."

Caprice squeezes the bulging head inside her tight pussy and lets out a sigh..."Oh, my god!"

As she works the toy all the way inside, an orgasm comes over her...
her hips thrust uncontrollably as she looks you right in the eye.

After you download and watch this HD video, you may feel like you just had sex with one of the hottest women in the world! 

Mary wants to show you her skills in the bedroom....Cum inside and watch her in this unforgettable HD video.

Mary strips out of her lace bra and panties, letting her plump breasts hang free. She slowly takes his cock in her mouth. She gives an extraordinary performance, swallowing it all the way to the base, which turns her on and makes her really wet.

When she's dripping and ready, she climbs on top and rides him until she's satisfied.

While she's still writhing with pleasure, he fucks her hard from the side, on-top and behind, she moans and cries out, showing him how much she's enjoying the action.

He slows the motion down until he can't take anymore and literally explodes inside and outside her pussy. Shaking with ecstasy, he pushes his cum-covered cock slowly back into her swollen pussy, savoring the last moments of his mind-blowing orgasm.

Download and save to your permanent collection, this one is sure to be a new X-Art classic!
 

An X-Art first... Enjoy this full HD cinematic erotic video shot from a POV perspective. Experience for yourself what it's like to have sex with a Supermodel!

Like many of our best videos, 'Sex with a Supermodel' presents a gorgeous, passionate couple's real erotic experience - combined with innovative cinematography.

This time, you feel like you're right there - part of the action!

During the blowjob, you can practically feel Tiffany's perfect lips wrapped around your aching cock, as she takes it eagerly down her throat. Her big green eyes look right up at you, smiling... a truly magical moment.

When she finally climbs on top to fuck you - you can see everything - your cock moving in and out, her beautiful face, her gorgeous breasts, and the shape of her hips. It's the next best thing to actually having sex with Tiffany!

X-Art members, be sure to download and save this full 1080 HD video to your permanent archive of quality erotica. Enjoy!

 

Stunning Caprice beckons you into her bed.

Her manicured fingers run slowly across her perfect, perky
breasts, gently teasing her nipples. She turns towards the bed,
affording a passing view of her precious ass.

She stretches her long, firm body across the bed. Her suntanned skin contrasts with the white cotton sheets. Come closer she says, "watch me".

She masturbates while you watch until an orgasm rocks her entire body. She's waiting in bed, her wet, quivering pussy ready for the real thing "come closer", she says again...




 

Katka and Mikah are pretty open-minded and experimental when it comes to sex. Mikah invited her boyfriend over for a threesome, but the girls wanted to spend a little time in bed together before he arrived.

They shared several long, slow, tender kisses as Katka slowly ran her fingers along the edge of Mikah's white cotton panties. Katka could feel the warmth coming from within. She pulled the panties aside, revealing Mikah's pretty little pussy.

Katka gently touched Mikah's pussy lips, spreading them apart with two fingers. She then ran her tongue up and down... tasting the wetness. The tip of her tongue darted gently across Mikah's swollen clit.

Katka was getting really turned on, so she lifted her ass high in the air; allowing her friend to pull her panties off. Mikah eagerly buried her face in Katka's pussy, licking and exploring...

Mikah's boyfriend would soon be there to fuck them both. At least they knew they'd be wet and ready when he arrived!



 

Red-haired beauty Faye got a little jealous (and horny) when she saw Leila and Mr. X having sex on the beach.

"It's my turn to get some action," she said in her soft, sweet-as-honey voice.

Faye sits down on the couch next to Mr. X. He grabs her and pulls her close, her dress slips off her shoulders, revealing her incredible breasts and puffy nipples.

He kisses the tender white skin on her neck, his hands find their way to her breasts, and their lips draw closer.
He pulls her white panties to the side and she raises her legs high in the air, daring him to fuck her.

Mr. X pushes one finger inside Faye's light pink pussy. She spreads her legs as her juices begin to flow.

Her body shuddering with pleasure, Faye returns the favor by taking Mr. X's  cock all the way down her throat... The lovers then intertwine in a HOT, beautiful, explicit lovemaking session.

Download and enjoy this incredible HD video!
 

In this HD video, watch Leila and Faye take turns sucking and fucking Mr. X until he can't take it anymore!

Leila and Faye come into the room as Mr. X is sleeping. The girls are laughing and smiling as the fun begins.

Leila moves in and gives Mr. X a passionate kiss, while Faye takes
his cock in her mouth. Then Leila takes her turn, swallowing Mr. X's
cock while Faye licks Leila's pussy.

The excitement takes hold of Leila, and she climbs on top. Faye
gently glides his cock into Leila's eagerly awaiting pussy. Faye pulls
him out and licks the girl-cum from his shaft.

Mr. X finds the ultimate position the two girls on top of each
other, with him entering from behind. He takes turns guiding his cock
into one girl and thrusting, then pulling out and fucking the other
girl. It's a paradise of perfect pussy.

Faye starts moaning in pleasure and Leila can't wait any longer to
cum she slams down all the way on his cock and starts grinding away.

Finally Mr. X sprays his hot cum onto Leila's ass and Faye's pussy.
The girls smile and share a sweet kiss. It's a perfect afternoon of
pleasure for all! 

Come spend an afternoon playing in the surf on a remote tropical beach with Tiffany... life just doesn't get any better than this!

"It's beautiful here," Tiffany said as she slipped out of her bright orange bikini.

Instinctively, she looked around to make sure nobody was watching.

Tiffany lowered herself onto the soft white sand and let the warm water splash over her body. She smiled the most gorgeous smile!

When Tiffany masturbates, it's always fun and playful. Today she uses a small purple vibrator, teasing her clit and getting her pussy nice and wet before sliding it inside.

She has an incredible orgasm as the waves crash beneath her.

It's a beautiful day!
 

Download and enjoy this hot, explicit HD video!

Eufrat had so much fun at the club in her tiny silver, sequined dress.
All the dancing made her really horny, so she decides to have an "After
Party" with herself.

She brings a drink to the cabana and (while she's still buzzed from
the music and alcohol) begins to masturbate until she cums hard.

She falls asleep on the mattress, waiting for you to find her and give her what she really wants! 

In this HD video, a sexy teenage couple invites you into their bedroom to watch them have hot, explicit, beautiful sex.

Tiffany and her lucky guy friend LOVE to fuck... You can see it in her eyes as she sucks his bulging cock, all the while starting directly into the camera.

And when he turns her over doggy-style, we get an incredible closeup shot as he shoves the fat tip of his cock all the way inside her tight pussy. Tiffany moans with genuine pleasure.

Watch these two lovebirds have the most incredible sex on camera!

X-Art members, be sure to download and save the full 1080 HD version of this film to your permanent collection of top quality erotica!

 

In this HD video, fun and flexible Gigi has a huge smile on her face, even as she's
swallowing a gigantic cock... or taking it from below while she does the
splits!

Little brunette Gigi loves playing with Mr. X's massive cock in her mouth. She even gets a little carried away at times and touches the back of her throat. Naughty Gigi!

When they start having sex, Gigi shows off just how flexible she is by spreading her legs all the way into the splits while she fucks him. INCREDIBLY HOT!

Mr. X pointed out that Gigi's tiny pussy is "like a light socket". You can actually see it stretching and grabbing hold of his cock as she rides him.

When Mr. X finally has an orgasm, he shoots his cum on Gigi's smiling face.

While some people say that 'cum shots' are sexist, don't tell this to Gigi. During our shoot, she told us, "If I really like the guy I'm having sex with, I think it's totally hot to feel his hot cum spraying all over my face and body! It's a major turn-on!"
 

Gigi and Hayden having fun, fingering, making out and fucking with a huge dildo at her boyfriend's loft.

The girls strip out of their matching lace panties and bras. Gigi starts teasing Hayden, kissing and fingering her. Gigi wants to share Hayden with her boyfriend but Hayden's not going for it. So instead, Gigi brings out her huge purple dildo and works it into Hayden's extremely tight pussy until Hayden relaxes and starts enjoying it.

Both girls are so hot and eventually cum together, Gigi with her fingers and Hayden on the dildo. These seriously cute girls are relaxed, ready and waiting in bed for you to cum home.....

Awesome, Crystal-Clear HD Close Ups!!
 

In this full HD video, tiny teen cutey Caprice washes her perky boobs and puffy pussy in the HOT bath, and then cums like never before!

This is definitely one of the sexiest, solo masturbation videos of all time! Download it now and save it to your permanent collection!

This video features Caprice, our brunette beauty with long slender legs, a flat stomach, perfect perky boobs and the sweetest little pink puffy pussy, all on display for you in crystal-clear 1080 HD!

Watch Caprice spray water all over her body, and then play naughty games with the water faucet. This gets her pussy all primed and ready for more action.

Then, she pulls out a clear glass dildo and holds it up to her pussy so you can peek inside - UNFORGETTABLE!

And now for the grand finale... This little vixen has a mind-bending orgasm. Her entire body shakes and shudders with pleasure as she fucks herself with the glass dildo and cums like crazy!

This is one video that will leave you breathless - and maybe even pantless. Enjoy!


 

In this stunning HD erotic film, Mr. X ravishes Leila and overwhelms her with sexual pleasure as they fuck with wild abandon on a deserted tropical beach.

As the waves roll in and out, lucky Mr. X slides his cock in and out of Leila's eager, aching pussy. Divine.

Leila wraps her legs around her head, allowing for the deepest penetration humanly possible. Her eyes roll back in ecstasy - this is how she LOVES to be fucked!

Finally, Mr. X pulls out and unleashes a stream of cum as Leila holds her tongue out to catch it!

'Sex on the Beach' combines HOT, explicit sex and award-winning cinematography, all available for your viewing pleasure.

We suggest you download the full 1080 HD version and save it to your permanent collection of high-quality erotica, only available from X-Art.com!

 

Gorgeous Francesca and Caprice get creative and make each other cum with a double headed dildo!

Francesca and Caprice are lounging in their black and white bikinis, sipping champagne and orange juice.

They start making out, Francesca goes down on Caprice. Both girls are getting totally excited and wet.

Neither of them have had sex in a while so they decide to try out Francesca's flesh-colored double -headed dildo.

They take turns sliding it into each other until they get too excited to wait. They turn ass-to-ass and start fucking each other, then Francesca gets on top and slides the dildo deep into Caprices tight pussy, she fucks her from the top until they both reach a quivering climax.

The soundtrack features original music by one of LA's hottest independent musicians, Eli Mardock.

Download and save this awesome exclusive X-Art HD video to your permanent collection
 

Beautiful, slender 18 year-old Emma gets pounded by her private tutor in this unbelievable, crisp HD video!

Naughty Emma had her first sexual experience with Francesca
earlier that day, and it left her feeling really horny - and ready to try having sex with a man.

When her private tutor offered to rendezvous at his penthouse apartment, she eagerly accepted!

Emma put on her mother's fancy lingerie, some music and begged him to fuck
her. Mr. X gave her a light spank and tried to resist her, but he was helpless.

The closeup shots in this video are incredible! You can see every detail of Emma's juicy pussy, dripping wet and pink - as Mr. X slowly slides his cock in and out.

As the sun sets over the city in the background, Mr. X fucks her from behind... then finishes by spraying his cum all over her flat, firm stomach and pink pussy. HOT! HOT! HOT!

X-Art members, be sure to download and save the full 1080 HD version of this video and add it to your permanent collection of high quality erotica! It's destined to be another X-Art classic! Enjoy!

 

Emma goes to private school, she's actually a total nerd and is even in band (she plays the flute).  Francesca goes to public school, she's extremely naughty, she's actually a cheerleader.  The two girls met at a coffee shop after school one day.  Francesca asks Emma to 'cum' home with her after school but Emma says she has to stop by her father's office first to ask permission. When they arrive he's out at a meeting....  Watch what happens when these two naughty blonds get it on in this crystal-clear HD X-Art video!

Cute skinny blond Emma has one of the sweetest, glistening wet pink pussies we've ever seen!

Emma slowly pushes one of her fingers all the way inside, moaning with pleasure. Then finally, she manages to get two fingers in her tight little pussy... you can see the cum starting to drip out of her.

She tries to open her pussy to the camera so you can see inside - naughty Emma!

Emma finds just the right angle and fucks herself with her hand, until she cums hard.

Enjoy this HD video!

 

Imagine a hot, Summer afternoon: Ruby is lounging in the sun and listening to her iPod.

You arrive home and find this adorable, baby-faced blond in her headphones, and white cotton underpants....

The heat has made her EXTREMELY horny. Instead of jumping in the pool, you jump on her.

This video has a definite rock-n-roll vibe (well, I think so since I
picked the song and really like it!) combined with REAL passionate SEX
(Mr. X and Ruby were SO into each other, we almost couldn't get them to
slow down to shoot the video).

Watch and see for yourself.

Feel free to comment and let me know what you think. Thank you members! XOXO ~ Coco 

This is X-Art at it's very best... an all new HD video featuring one of the hottest solo-girl orgasms ever caught on film. It's beautiful, it's explicit... it's totally X-Art style!

Following a brief warm-up, Tori started right in on herself with some of her favorite toys - a purple 'egg' vibrator, and a big, squishy, pink toy with an extra long handle. Naughty girl!

After her first two orgasms, Tori's eyes were literally rolling back in her head. We started to worry! But when we saw the cum literally dripping out of her pussy (all over the bed), we knew she was thoroughly enjoying herself. ;-)

There's also a nice little bonus at the end of this video... after we had 'cut' on the last take, the crew left the room and started to pack up - but Tori kept going! Our 'B camera' was still rolling and caught the action. HOT!

After you download and save this HD video to your computer... Fasten your seatbelt, lock the door and unzip your pants. You're in for one hell of a ride. Enjoy!

 

Destined to become another X-Art favorite, 'Sex on a Summer Afternoon' features super-cute 18 year old Star, doing what comes naturally to a girl her age!

Star explores her mouth, her throat, and the inner depths of her pussy with Mr. X's extremely willing, rock hard cock.

The closeup shots in this video are crystal clear and super HOT. It's a must see.

Download the full length HD video and save it on your computer now!

 

In this HD video, two gorgeous girls have romantic and wild sex in a beachfront cabana, set in a lush tropical paradise.

Leila playfully climbs on top of Caprice, and the girls share a long, sweet french kiss. The passion between them is authentic... they enjoy each others' bodies and breath.

Caprice goes down on Leila and gives her a mind-blowing orgasm... and then Leila reciprocates.

Not quite satisfied - even after cumming, the girls start playing with a pair of brightly colored vibrating sex toys. They rub the toys on their clits and start to get totally turned on again.

The video ends as the two girls cum again; in unison. Welcome to Paradise!


 

This is one of the LONGEST, HARDEST, HOTTEST erotic videos ever produced by X-Art. It's a 16-minute HD movie featuring the beautiful, sex-crazed superstar Tori Black taking on our very own 'Mr. X' - in a true masterpiece of modern erotica!

The video begins with Tori and Mr. X at home together at a beachfront hideaway in Malibu, California. They share a few soft and sensual moments in bed to the sound of gently breaking waves.

But as soon as Tori's clothes come off, things heat up fast!

Tori goes down on Mr. X, taking him deep inside her throat. She gives him (as he calls it) the 'best blowjob of his entire life' - wet and wild!

The camera then moves in for some mind-blowing, crystal clear closeup shots. Mr. X finger-fucks Tori and then slowly pushes his bulging cock ALL the way inside her pretty, perfectly wet pussy.

The on-screen chemistry and passion between these two lovers is amazing and authentic... their eyes lock as Tori 'bottoms out' on Mr. X's cock. She whispers in his ear, daring him to 'give it to her, harder!'.

Finally, Mr. X can't take it anymore... he cums all over her eagerly awaiting mouth and smiling lips.

The web is full of Tori's porn performances, but this is the only time you'll ever see this beauty having sex like this... X-Art style! It's HOT! It's beautiful! And it'll blow your mind!

Like all of our videos, our members can download and save this High Def wonder (over 1 Gigabyte!).

It's worth the price of an X-Art membership alone! If you're not already a member, now is the time to join X-Art!

Just be careful you don't melt your hard-drive... Seriously!
 

Naughty, angelic Jennifer may just be the cutest model we've ever seen with cum dripping out of her...

Watch Ms. Innocent slip out of her silky negligee and fuck herself silly with a sexy glass toy!

Members, download and save this super-HOT ten minute HD video to computer. This video is destined to become part of your permanent collection of quality erotica...
 

Do you ever fantasize about swimming in a pool of warm water with a gorgeous naked girl? How about two gorgeous naked girls?

This HD video begins with blond Ruby and brunette Jennifer kissing passionately as the sun begins to set behind them.

Jennifer lifts herself up on the edge of the pool and spreads her legs wide apart, so Ruby can lick her pussy.

After several minutes of intense action, Jennifer has an incredible orgasm. Her hips thrust uncontrollably as she cums! HOT!

Finally Jennifer returns the favor, pleasuring Ruby with her soft pink tongue. Ruby can't control herself for very long... she cums almost instantly. Enjoy!

 

Ok guys, before you watch this video we need to advise you: that it's
not all that explicit....yes, you do get a little close up of Mr. X
fucking carlie, but....

In actuality it's Brig's artistic project, and honestly he's a real romantic kind of guy.

Carlie and Mr. X have an intense chemistry....

The sun filters softly through the windows onto Carlie's lovely face while she writhes with pleasure and pain.

The video isn't long, but it's powerful. And, if you appreciate artistic photography, you HAVE to watch it!

 A romantic soundtrack.

Comment
and let me know.....What's YOUR soundtrack? Classical, Rock, Metal,
Jazz?? Hard or soft? What's your favorite song in bed??

Sex is so
much more than just sex.....casual sex is awesome. Deep, ecstatic,
romantic sex is so much more...do our members know both?

 This, will be controversial, some members will LOVE this video, some may want more....

But, imagine, YOU, are Mr. X, what would you do to Carlie?

Thanks for watching. XOXO Love, Coco 

Watch Eufrat stretch her perfect body across our dinner table and fuck
herself silly with a clear glass toy that is affectionately called 'the juicer'. The toy is
pretty cool because you can sometimes see all the way inside!

Eufrat went all out and really had an orgasm in every scene we shot, including this one!

Eufrat is partial to men, but she really likes girls too. Mostly she's passionate about having sex. Watch the video and see for yourself!

XOXO ~ Coco

 

Lying in bed, Carlie lets her fingers wander across her body. She slowly removes her cotton t-shirt and panties.

Carlie's fingertips dart across her clit, rubbing gently at first; gradually increasing in both tempo and pressure. She always makes the cutest faces while she's playing with herself!

Carlie grabs a really big baby blue vibrator from the bedside table and turns it on. As she holds the tip of the buzzing toy against the opening of her pussy, you can see her juices start to flow...

She's in heaven (and so we are) as an orgasm makes her whole body shake... Enjoy!
 

In this unforgettable High Definition erotic video, beautiful and super-talented Francesca fucks herself and cums like crazy while you watch!It's truly rare to see such a GORGEOUS girl giving herself a real orgasm on camera (in fact Francesca does it TWICE in this video). Be sure to download and save this video to your permanent collection of quality erotica. Enjoy! 

Presenting the full length HD video from one of our most popular photosets - Girl Next Door!

When Kristen's friend finishes fucking her throat, he flips her over and slides his
cock in her tight, pink pussy.

He screws her hard from behind, she has
another orgasm. She gets so excited that she jumps on top and rides him
until she cums again!

Download and enjoy this incredible video TODAY!

 

Enjoy this HD video of super-cute fashion model Sasha D, slipping out of her pink panties and letting her fingers find their way to the most forbidden places.

You'll feel like you're right there - in bed with her, between the sheets. Listen to the sounds of her breathing... as she moans and brings herself to orgasm for the very first time on camera. Super hot!

 

You won't believe your eyes as skinny blond Francesca fucks herself like crazy with this ultra-wide flesh-colored dildo!
 

Presenting the full 1080p HD video from one of our most popular sets... petite brunette Kristen strips out of her cotton panties and plunges her favorite sex toy as deep as she can.

The quality and clarity of the closeup shots in this video are absolutely AMAZING!

Watch it now and you'll see why we chose the title, 'Pink on the Inside'.

Kristen finishes this video with a really hot, real orgasm. Now that her pussy is swollen and dripping with cum - Kristen is finally ready for you to jump in and show her why your cock is better than ANY sex toy!

 

In this full HD 1080 video, cute Katka smiles as she strips out of her dripping wet cotton dress.

Katka's long brunette hair drapes down her back, brushing her rock hard nipples as she performs a seductive dance for you.

Her nimble fingers finally find their way to her 'sweet surprise'. The intensity in her feelings is obvious as Katka vigorously strokes her pussy. She stops for only a moment - to lick the juices off her fingers.

Indeed, the look on this girl's face as she brings herself to orgasm is absolutely GORGEOUS. Moments like this are why we love making X-Art.com!

Be sure to download this video and add it to your permanent collection of erotica!

Enjoy!



 

Monique jumps on the bed and starts rubbing her pussy through her white lace panties, she's obviously already very wet and is getting hotter by the minute.  You're watching. She imagines you coming closer, getting ready to shove your cock in her mouth... she sucks you until you're rock hard, then you push it inside her tight pussy.  She cries out with pleasure, aggressively riding you until she cums.  All fours, Monique sticks her gorgeous ass in the air. She looks so hot and cute at the same time, begging you to fuck her until you cum on her beautiful ass.  Download this HOT HD video to your permanent collection and have fun! XOXO ~ Coco  P.S. Coco likes sporty girls ;-) 

Monique always sets aside time in the afternoon to get herself off! She likes to call it... playtime.

As you'll see in this HD video, one of Monique's favorite games involves getting her pussy wet by rubbing it back and forth, then spreading it open so you can see all the way inside. So naughty!

Then this half-Czech/half-French beauty grabs a brightly colored sex toy from the couch and pushes it firmly inside. She screams out in pleasure!

Monique has a few other amazing tricks she wants to show you... cum and watch her!



 

In this 10 minute HD video, watch little brunette Katka fuck her boyfriend and make him cum like crazy!

In typical X-Art style, the male character in this video remains anonymous and out of sight, allowing you to imagine you're taking part in the action!

Katka swallows his cock to get him ready. He then turns her over and enters her from behind. From the gentle sound of her voice and that big smile on her face, it's obvious that Katka loves what is being done to her.

She then climbs atop her man and fucks him until she has an body-shaking orgasm. He turns her over onto her back and hikes her knees up high, affording a clear view of her gorgeous aching pussy. Slowly, he pushes inside again...

Watching this beautiful girl as she's pummeled by a large cock is enough to make anyone cum like crazy... which is exactly what happens as the video comes to a close.

The facial expressions and close-up shots in this video are priceless... well worth the $19.99 price of an X-Art membership!

Members, be sure to download the full 1080p HD version and save it to your permanent collection!

You're going to LOVE it!

 

This HD video begins with Silvie and her boyfriend Martin, embracing on the couch. Soft light fills the room, outlining Silvie's slender, shapely body and flowing auburn hair.

Silvie straddles Martin as they undress. She pushes him onto his back and quickly swallows him whole, all the while looking straight into the camera.

It's a fantastic image - this gorgeous girl sucking a big fat cock - just for you. In fact, given the camera's point of view, it's quite easy to imagine that YOU are that lucky guy on the receiving end!

Sylvie's eyes light up every time he pushes deeper. The connection is more lust than love, but it's incredible to watch in such amazing detail.

This is a beautiful, ultra-HOT, erotic video that you'll want to download and keep forever! Enjoy!
 

Mina's fantasy has always been to have sex with a guy with a really huge cock. In this mind-blowing HD erotic video, Mina's 'big dream' finally comes true!

Be sure to download and save this incredible movie to your permanent collection of quality erotica! It's truly unforgettable. Enjoy!

 

In this ultra-hot video, little blond Mina shows of her oral abilities as she swallows her boyfriend's foot-long cock as far as it will go down her throat!

Mina looks so cute wearing her white cotton panties, t-shirt and matching stockings... but don't underestimate her. When it comes to sucking dick, this girl means business!

Be sure to download this high resolution 1080p video and add it to your permanent collection!

 

This is by far one of the hottest, most irresistible erotic videos on X-Art.com - or anywhere on the Internet for that matter. Honestly, it's worth the cost to join X-Art.com just to download this video in 1080p Full HD and save it to your permanent archive.

To begin, Leila takes her panties off slowly, raising her ass high up in the air. She looks like a fashion model. Her knees fall open. She lifts the bottom of her t-shirt, to show you her pussy. Her fingers gently dance, parting her lips for you.

A dreamlike sequence brings a fantastic beauty - Carlie. She lifts her tight cotton shirt overhead, lowering herself down on top of Leila, rubbing skin to skin.

The music fades out as Carlie goes down on Leila, getting her friend's tight pussy ready to take a large, clear, double-headed dildo. Carlie puts one end in her mouth and pushes the other end deep into Leila.

Carlie gets so turned on that she begins to lose control. She grabs the other end of the dildo and plunges it all the way inside herself. Facing ass to ass, the girls fuck each other like crazy until they cum together.

This is one of the hottest mutual girl-girl orgasms ever caught on film!

Join now and enjoy!
 

This behind-the-scenes video is absolutely adorable and definitely a keeper!

In just a few short minutes, you get a better sense of what it's really like to hang out for an afternoon by the pool with two gorgeous nude X-Art models: Capri & Francesca.

The truth is, everyone we all have a lot of fun our shoots; including the models and the crew. And why not? Ocean views, warm sunshine and beautiful girls.

Life in Malibu is the ultimate life!:-)

 

It is said that men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses - but Francesca and Breanne are clearly an exception!

In this super-sexy HD video, our two beauties begin with several slow french kisses, tasting each other for the very first time. Their tongues intertwine in a dance that will send shivers of bliss down your spine.

As they finally recline, the girls spreads their legs wide apart. They each brought their favorite glass sex toy... and they can't wait to relieve the tension after a long day at work.

Breanne plunges her dildo as deep as she can. You can see the hard toy spreading her tight pussy apart in a beautiful display of sexual ecstasy. She takes the lead and picks up the pace... fucking herself until an orgasm makes her knees buckle with pleasure. Enjoy!!!

 

Susie loves to masturbate while you watch, it makes her cum.

She seems a little shy at first, but once in front of the camera she's all smiles.

"Let's get started", I say. She hops on the bed and starts rubbing her pussy through her pink cotton panties.

After a few minutes she's getting so hot she can't stand it anymore, so she pulls off her panties. She's excited to show you her beautiful pussy and she's getting more turned on because you're watching. She loves to be watched.

She slides her fingers inside, pulling herself open, showing how pretty and pink she is....she wants you to like it, she loves that. She slips one finger in as deep as it will go, then another....she loves the way it feels and begs you to look some more.

She asks you to take your cock out, she says, " I want to watch you cum, then I can finish". This is what she likes best, you're not sure you should do it, but she begs....

Watching you, watching her, she fucks herself hard with two fingers, picking up the pace. Finally she manages to get a third finger inside and has an orgasm that shakes the bed. Waves of pleasure wash over her and she looks at you and says, "thank you".




 

The HD Video version of one your favorite X-Art sets is here!Carlie lifts a strawberry from the plate. She brushes the tip of the
fruit against Leila's soft pink lips, gently forcing them open.

Leila responds by dipping her hand into her glass of red wine. She
runs her wet middle finger across Carlie's tiny collarbone, causing an
uncontrollable shiver of excitement.

The two girls pull closer. Their foreheads lightly touch. With their
eyes closed, they press their lips together and share a tender,
passionate kiss.

The feelings of curiosity are too strong to resist. Carlie pulls
Leila's panties off. Leila lifts her leg behind her head.

With her eyes, she begs Carlie to try a taste of her wetness...


This mind-blowing 12 minute HD erotic video features a curvy blond named Reina and her best friend Patsy - a horny, cute, slender brunette.

The two girls share several passionate kisses before Patsy forces Reina back on the bed. Her hands wander across Reina's body, eventually finding their way to that wet spot between her legs.

Patsy fucks her gorgeous friend with two fingers, all the while gazing romantically into her eyes.

Finally a large double-headed dildo comes out and the girlfriends take turns on each other - shoving the head & shaft as deep as it will go... making each other cum like crazy!!!

This is one video you will not want to miss. In fact, you'll want to download this video in full HD format and save it in your permanent collection!

 

In this hot HD erotic film, gorgeous blond Leila cums three times while fucking her boyfriend's ridiculously massive 10 inch cock.

The action begins with Leila showing-off her oral abilities. She does her absolute best to swallow Christian's huge member down her throat. He returns the favor by going down on her. Her hips buck wildly and she cums for the first time.

Leila then climbs on top of her boyfriend, quickly lowering herself down on his cock. She fucks him with passion until her body shakes with pleasure. It's a site to behold!

The film concludes with the couple reaching the heights of orgasm in tandem - then sharing a loving, gentle kiss.

Collectors of high quality erotica will appreciate the fact that they can download and save this film in full 1080p HD, in both Windows and Mac/Quicktime formats.
 

In this HD video, Francesca performs a slow, seductive dance for the camera. To begin, she slips out of her sheer white top and panties. 

In an intimate setting, surrounded by soft white light, Francesca reclines and runs her hands over her body - showing off every curve.

Enjoy this beautiful video of one of our most angelic models!

 

The year is 1969. Kat just turned 18 and she's finally ready to fulfill her fantasy of posing nude in a "girly magazine".

The only problem? She doesn't know any professional photographers to take her picture.

So sly Kat borrows her uncle's instant camera and his medium format Holga, loads some film and starts getting undressed.

She imagines what it would be like if there was a really hot guy taking her picture... telling her what to do, how to move.

Kat can feel herself getting turned on as her clothes gradually come
off and she begins snapping pictures of herself in the mirror.

She slips out of her panties, lifts one knee to her chest and takes a picture of the wetness down there... Picture perfect. 

Beautiful Blowjob features gorgeous 18 year-old amateur Carlie, who tries hard to impress her well-endowed male lover by offering him the most amazing oral sex imaginable.

Even as Mr. X's massive cock becomes rock hard, she somehow manages to swallow it whole, taking it literally all the way down her tiny throat. Even connoisseurs of deep throat will be amazed by her performance!

The waves of pleasure that Carlie delivers with her lips, tongue and throat are simply too much for any man to handle. In the final vignette, Mr. X sprays impressive streams of cum all over Carlie's cute, smiling face.

This film epitomizes 'X-Art Style' ... it is explicit, erotic and uncensored -
while maintaining a sense of true sexual intimacy and beauty. The film
was shot in full HD at 1080p in soft, natural light.

There are two editions of this unforgettable feature for our members:

In the full-length 'Live Audio' edition, you experience the intimate sights and sounds of Carlie's performance without any distracting music - as if you were that lucky mystery man on the receiving end.

The collectors-worthy 'Opera Editon' is set to a 19th-century Italian opera aria. Graceful music accentuates the action on screen, conveying a sense of beauty and drama rarely seen in contemporary erotica.

Downloading and saving the 1080p HD version of Beautiful Blowjob to your permanent collection is worth the cost of subscribing to X-Art alone. Enjoy!!!
 

Stevie strips out of her silk camisole and begins a slow, sexy dance of seduction.

You'll love watching as this beautiful model sways her hips to the
music and shows off her flexibility by doing the splits nude and
wrapping her foot behind her head.

Gorgeous and sexy, this video is guaranteed to leave you breathless.

Featuring a soothing and sublime music track licensed from one of today's top up-and-coming independent artists. Enjoy!

P.S. This is a video from 3 years ago, that was missing from the site and I put it back per members requests ;-) ~ Colette
 

In this artistic explicit HD video, 19 year-old Capri slips out of her white camisole and let's her hands wander across her body.

In her sweet and soft voice, Capri narrates to you as if you're her lost lover. All she wants is to have you there with her in bed.

Her fingers glide across that wet spot at the entrance of her light pink pussy as she arches her back.

She pushes her fingers deeper, finally finding that special spot inside that pushes her over the edge... into the throes of a shuddering orgasm!

This is a gorgeous moment, captured for you on video... you won't want to miss it!





 

Carlie spent the night at the house, so we could start shooting first thing in the morning.

Her alarm went off and she climbed out of bed wearing a tiny, tight pair of white cotton panties and a matching t-shirt.

It was just before sunrise. A heavy cloud of fog hung in the air. Carlie went outside to take a look, and I followed. The camera registered barely enough light for an open aperture at ISO 800, but the mist-filled air was intriguing, and somehow sexy - so we just had to shoot.

"We might as well get started," Carlie said in her soft morning voice. "Besides, I'm the horniest right when I wake up."

I told her to imagine she was still in bed, all alone. She reclined on the cabana and closed her eyes. Her panties came off quickly and she started to play with her pussy. I could see a drop off wetness as I set the camera closer.

Carlie made circular motions with her hand, faster and faster. Her mouth opened in the shape of an 'O' and she tipped her head back. Her body contorted as waves of pleasure came over her...

 

In this HD erotic film, lovable and petite Francesca finds a secluded spot in her favorite oceanfront park in Malibu, California.

As the sun sets behind her, she becomes totally aroused by the beauty of her surroundings.

Fran removes her underwear from beneath her tight jean skirt, letting her hand find its way to the space between her thighs.

The summer air caresses her naked skin. A wave of excitement comes over her as she starts to touch herself. Her hips grind uncontrollably against her fingers.

She slips a small blue vibrator from her jacket pocket and slowly pushes it inside. Her hands move faster and faster, working up to a frantic pace. Finally, in a moment of relief, the first beautiful wave of orgasm finally washes over her...

 

In this full length 14 minute HD video, sexy 18 year-old Carlie strips out of her white cotton t-shirt and panties and gets herself off with a massive black dildo!

You won't believe your eyes as this cute, slender model sheds every last bit of her clothing in a seductive striptease, and then slowly sits herself down atop our 12-inch silicone cock.

" I don't know if it'll fit," she says, working the bulging head in and out of her tight little pussy.

She licks the juices from the end dildo before pushing it in further. Eventually she picks up the pace and starts fucking the toy like crazy.

She finishes with an earth-shattering orgasm and an unforgettable smile. This is one video you won't want to miss!

 

In this HD video, best described as an exalted moment of sexual ecstasy - Francesca and her cute brunette friend Capri roll around in bed and make passionate love to each other!

The two girls entwine and share several HOT, deep kisses before diving below, to try a taste of their sweetest treasures.

Don't get me wrong, these girls are both crazy for guys... But every now and then they crave the feeling of another woman. Skin soft like butter; lips trembling, gentle, and tender...

Enjoy every beautiful moment with this heavenly duo!

 

When she's feeling naughty, gorgeous 19 year old Lilly LOVES to give
head. I guess you could say her boyfriend Alan one very lucky guy.

Watch as Lilly teases Alan with her plush pink lips then pushes him deep - all the way down her throat. Incredible!

P.S. Another video from 3 years ago, returned to X-Art per members request. This was one of our first times attempting to shoot a sex scene :-o
 

In this unforgettable HD video, beautiful blond Megan relaxes in bed and makes herself cum like crazy using her favorite sex toy; a colorful glass dildo.

She starts by looking directly into the camera, gently caressing the toy with her lips and tongue. She daydreams of a lover; now rock hard and ready.

It's easy to imagine Megan's gorgeous hazel eyes looking right at you as her face becomes visibly flush with excitement.

As she forces the glass wand inside her tight pussy, she squeezes tightly around it. This toy is just a little too big for her - which is exactly how she likes it.

Forgetting for the moment that she has an audience, Megan begins fucking herself faster and faster...

At last Megan has a mind-blowing orgasm and her eyes roll back in a wave of ecstasy!
 

In this super-hot HD Video, Lilly starts out with a huge smile on her
face as her boyfriend Alan shoves her knees up and wets her pussy with
his tongue.

Then Lilly's eyes roll back in her head as Alan slowly works his massive cock inside her, filling her.

The pleasure is soon more than Lilly can stand. She pushes Alan down
on the bed and climbs on top of him, sliding his cock back in; as deep
as it will go.

She rides him... in and out. Her face flashes light pink as she cums; her first orgasm.

They then switch to their favorite position - doggy style, and finish with a mind-blowing mutual orgasm!
 

This stunning high definition video will make you fall hopelessly in love with one of the most beautiful creatures on the planet.

Stretching out before you in bed on a Sunday afternoon, Megan is the epitome of beauty.

Her hazel eyes seduce you... Her long legs wrap around you, drawing you closer.

This video features super-high resolution close-ups with mind-blowing detail!

Watch and enjoy as Megan plays with herself... it's as if you're at the gates of heaven, looking in.
 

Our goal when we shot this movie was simple: make super-cute Carlie cum like crrrrrrazy - for real!

Carlie has two orgasms during this 7 minute video, in fact! You can even see the white milky cum dripping out of her.

To begin, Carlie warms up her cute little pussy with the ultra high powered Hitachi Magic Wand. The sensations from the wand are almost more than she can take. She grabs the toy with both hands and bites her lip as her first orgasm makes her tiny body shudder with pleasure.

Carlie then fucks herself with a bright pink toy, one of her personal favorites that she brought from home. She likes pushing it all the way in and pulling it out quickly, as cum drips out of her. It's WAY hot.

Carlie's second orgasm is even cuter than her first... Caution: you'll wish you were there!

This video may not win any awards for cinematography (the lighting isn't our usual style), but that's OK. We couldn't resist posting it for you because we know you'll love it!
 

Cute and sexy Megan submerges her perfect body in the warm bath. Beads of water drip down her sun-kissed skin.

There's something irresistible about the way she moves; her eyes looking right into yours.

Megan knows how to make the most of intimate moments such as this. A warm gush of water sprays from the steel bath wand, catching the light as it cascades onto her soft pink pussy.

Her eyes roll back in her head as the water caresses her - just like a lover's kiss...

 

Enjoy this 5 minute full HD erotic video!

18 year old Carlie runs her hands over her gorgeous slender body as
she takes off her white cotton t-shirt. Her long, skinny fingers move
slowly and intently, sliding inside the elastic waistband of her
panties... finding their way towards the warmth.

Carlie wets her fingers with her tongue and caresses her nipples
gently. Her hands glide along her tight stomach and find their way to
that special spot. She finds that her fingers taste even better once
they've been inside.

Carlie slips out of her striped pink & white panties as she
reclines on couch. Wearing only a pair of pink knee-high socks, she
explores the soft pink folds of her eager little pussy.

A telltale drop of moisture forms at the opening, as her nimble
fingers move faster and faster. She bites her lip as her eyes roll back
as a wave of pleasure overcomes her...
 
